The UN Refugee Agency (UNHCR) has said the draft migrant legislation proposed by the United Kingdom Government will result in a de facto “asylum ban”. UNHCR, in a statement, said if adopted, the new bill would deny the right to seek refugee protection to people arriving irregularly in the UK, such as those risking their lives to cross the English Channel in small boats. Instead, these asylum-seekers would face detention and deportation, without having their individual circumstances examined. “This would be a clear breach of the Refugee Convention and would undermine a longstanding, humanitarian tradition of which the British people are rightly proud,” UNHCR said. The UK is one of the original signatories of the 1951 Refugee Convention, which recognises that refugees may have to enter a country of asylum irregularly. According to UK Government figures, some 45,000 people crossed the Channel on small boats in 2022, up 60 per cent from the previous year. The UNHCR Assistant High Commissioner for Protection, Gillian Triggs, tweeted that she was “profoundly concerned” by the UK bill introduced in the House of Commons on Tuesday. UNHCR noted that the UK is not part of any agreement that would allow authorities to share responsibility for refugees with safe third countries. The UN agency also recalled that the UK’s bilateral arrangement with Rwanda announced in 2022 failed to meet the necessary international standards. In June 2022, the UN High Commissioner for Refugees dismissed the UK-Rwanda deal as “all wrong”. UNHCR said it would continue to support the UK in strengthening its asylum system, urging the Government and legislators to reconsider the bill and “pursue more humane and practical policy solutions” The management of the Creative Center for Mass Poverty (CCFMP) has hailed the performance of Haj. Imaan Sulaiman-Ibrahim, Honorable Commissioner for National Commission for Refugees, Migrants and Internally Displaced Persons (NCFRMI). Speaking at a well-attended press briefing in Jos, Plateau State, last Monday, December 6th, 2021, the Chairman Mr Donald… In "News" By Ukpono Ukpong The Minister of Interior, Rauf Aregbesola has said that Nigeria must invest in National peace to avoid statelessness caused by war and armed conflict. Aregbesola said this yesterday at the launch of the National Action Plan (NAP) and High Level Steering Committee (HSLC) to end the nightmare… In "Headlines" BY BENJAMIN OMOIKE An immigration official in the Canadian province of Quebec has said it is "surprising" to learn that New York City is sending migrants to the country's border. New York City mayor Eric Adams told Fox 5 that his administration was assisting migrants who had been sent to… In "Foreign"