BY NOSA AKENZUA The Owhorode of Olomu Kingdom, in Delta State, His Royal Majesty, Richard Layieguen, Ovie Ogoni-Oghoro I, has reportedly passed on. The monarch, said to be the oldest serving king in the world, celebrated his 106th birth anniversary in January this year. He ascended the throne of his forebears about 35 years ago and was the chairman of Urhobo Traditional Rulers Council, otherwise known as Ukoko R’ Ivie R’ Urhobo. Interestingly, Ogoni-Oghoro I was the only Royal Canon of the Church of Nigeria, Anglican Communion, a title that is recognised in England. Although there is no official confirmation from the palace on his eternal journey, our Correspondent learnt that the centenarian royal father passed on two weeks ago. Like in most traditions, the passage of a king in Olomu Kingdom is not announced immediately, as he is believed to have gone to sleep. Even though efforts to reach the official palace secretary were unsuccessful, credible sources confirmed that the king has gone on the eternal journey. Besides, his absence at the latest meeting of Ukoko R’Ivie R’Urhobo, where far-reaching decisions were taken on the March 18 elections in the state, was also an indication of the unfortunate development. As the chairman of the Urhobo Traditional Rulers Council, the revered monarch usually convened the meetings. READ ALSO: French Senate approves Macron’s pension plan amid new. Even in his absence, the meetings were held at his palace. The latest meeting was convened under the leadership of the Ovie of Uvwie Kingdom, Dr Emmanuel Sideso, Abe I, at his palace in Effurun. Some of the residents of the areas who spoke to journalists on condition of anonymity, however, expressed shock over the alleged death of the monarch, adding that he would be remembered for his hospitality while alive, lamenting that his reported death had dealt heavy blows on them. Ex-Militant Leader, Akpodoro Bags Chieftaincy Title In Delta has emerged as the Mayor of Urhoboland. Naija News reports that the former militant was conferred with the chieftaincy title during an event in the ancient community of Gberegolor in Ughelli South Local Government Area of Delta State. Akpodoro was awarded by… In "News" The Deputy President of the Senate, Sen. Ovie Omo-Agege, has appealed to Nigerians to be patient, saying the Federal Government is making frantic efforts to tackle security challenges in the country. Omo-Agege (Delta Central-APC) made the appeal on Monday at the 90th Anniversary of the Urhobo Progress Union (UPU) Worldwide.… In "Headlines" Nosa Akenzua, Asaba The Senator representing Delta Central District of Delta State in the Senate, Deputy Senate President Ovie Omo- Agege, has charged the Urhobos to sustain their rich cultural heritage. Omo - Agege who gave the charge in a lecture titled, ‘’Challenges and Prospect of Urhobo Progress Union (… In "News"