The Police Command in Cross River has confirmed the recovery of the body of a Professor of Political Science with the University of Calabar (UNICAL), Prof. Felix Akpan. The Command’s Spokesperson, SP Irene Ugbo, who confirmed the incident, said the body was discovered on Sunday with multiple stab wounds in his apartment at Plot 181, Duke Town Close, State Housing in Calabar. Ugbo said that arrest have been made while the matter is still under investigation. “We have a suspect in custody who claims to be a friend to the deceased (Prof. Akpan). He said he does not know what happened to him or who stabbed him to death. “Our crack team of detectives have already swung into action, we will soon get to the root of the matter by unraveling who the killer is,” she assured. Meanwhile, a source who pleaded anonymity, said that the deceased, a former Dean of Students Affairs in UNICAL, had a guest on Saturday but left very early on Sunday to Akampka before his remains was found. “He had a male guest who came visiting at the weekend, but the person left very early on Sunday at about 5:00 am. READ ALSO: 10th Senate will key into Tinubu’s youth-driven. “A lady who stays in the compound said that she heard a loud scream same day the visitor who has now been confirmed to be a friend left his apartment and alerted people in the neighborhood about the noise. “Perhaps, he forgot something that made him come back to the victims’ house, where he was apprehended and taken to Prof’s apartment where we saw the lifeless body of Prof. Akpan with multiple stab wounds,” he said .As road accident claims 10, injures 6 on Lagos-Ibadan Expressway The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) has confirmed seven persons dead and 29 injured in an incident that occurred during the annual Calabar Carnival on Tuesday. The Sector Commander of the Corps, Maikano Hassan confirmed the number of casualty to… In "News" By Tunde Opalana Presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Alhaji Atiku Abubakar has promised to put into full operation the Calabar Sea Port if he is elected president of Nigeria. This, he said is one of the economic blueprint of his administration. Atiku made the promise in Calabar,… In "Politics" By Idongesit Inyang The Inter-Party Advisory Council, IPAC, in Cross River State has described the forthcoming governorship and state house of assembly election in the state as very important and has called on people of Cross River to turn out in large numbers for the exercise. Chairman of IPAC in… In "Politics"