BY BENJAMIN OMOIKE As the gubernatorial election holds next Saturday, March 18, across the nation, the National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS), Lagos State, has called on the entire eligible voters among the student populace in Lagos to vote for Mr. Babajide Sanwo-Olu, a man they described as one who is tested and trusted with the best plan for education in the state. Speaking during a press briefing at the Lagos State University Teaching Hospital, LASUTH, Ikeja Lagos, Comrade Olusesi Tolulope said that due to governor Sanwo-olu’s progressive thinking, Lagos now boasts of three world-class universities, adding, “The priority accorded to tertiary education in Lagos by Sanwo-olu’s led administration is unrivaled, as the upgrade of former Lagos State Polytechnic and Adeniran Ogunsanya College of Education as Lagos State University of Education and University Science and Technology respectively are topnotch.” READ ALSO: French Senate approves Macron’s pension plan amid new Speaking further, Tolulope said the tertiary education programmes and policies implemented by the Lagos State governor were designed to support student’s academic aspirations, devoid of the Nigeria drama of the ASUU strike and other academic and non-academic strikes. “Lagos was the envy of the nation when the incessant nine months ASUU strike of 2022 brought a stall to Nigerian students‘ academic calendars and lives. At that same period Lagos underwent the needed phases of transformation in her tertiary institutions, making the state education above the common standard of Nigeria’s education setting”, he said. He noted further that the Sanwo-olu-led administration has been working on setting up an education trust fund that will change the mode of funding tertiary education in the country, by showing that with the right leadership at the state level, education can be taken to a world-class level in Nigeria. By Joy Obakeye The Lagos State Commissioner for Commerce, Industry and Cooperatives, Dr Lola Akande, has said the state government will continue to strengthen youth entrepreneurship, for economic diversification. She disclosed this to journalists during a press conference on the maiden edition of Lagos Island Business Connect Fair 2022, recently.… In "Business" Ayo Williams, an aide to Lagos Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, is dead. Williams was the Senior Special Assistant on Lagos Waste Management Authority (LAWMA) Enforcement. Scores of people have besieged the hospital “Willy” (his alias) died on Sunday. The Bashorun of Yaba was an environmentalist, philanthropist, politician and security consultant. READ… In "News" By Godwin Anyebe Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu has formally commenced his re-election campaign with the theme: "Greater Lagos Rising". Governor Sanwo-Olu and his deputy, Dr Kadri Obafemi Hamzat, are the gubernatorial candidate and running mate on the ticket of the All Progressives Congress (APC) for the March 11th 2023… In "Politics"