BY SAMUEL LUKA Governor Bala Mohammed of Bauchi State has announced the intention of his administration to build an international Quranic centre in the state in honour of the renowned Islamic scholar, Sheik Dahiru Usman Bauchi. A press statement from the Governor’s Aide on New Media, Alhaji Lawal Mu’azu, explained that the move was an effort to expand the memorisation and propagation of Islamic and Quranic knowledge among the Muslim ummah. He said that the Governor made his intention known when he paid homage to the Islamic Scholar at his residence recently. According to Mu’azu, his principal appreciated the cleric for his immense contributions to the development of Bauchi state through propagating knowledge and guidance. READ ALSO: French Senate approves Macron’s pension plan amid new. He said that the Governor assured the Sheikh that the gesture will be reciprocated by establishing the international Quranic Recitation centre in his honour. Mu’azu said that, Sheik Dahiru Usman Bauchi while responding, commended the Governor for his outstanding performance and contribution to the development of Bauchi state. He said that the establishment of the Quranic centre will go a long way in propagating the knowledge of Islam among the Muslim faithful. By Samuel Luka Ahead of the March Governorship and state houses of assembly elections, Secretary to the State Government (SSG) Bauchi, Barrister Ibrahim Kashim has donated food items to Women, vulnerable members of the society and Mosques across Maji Dadi A and B wards within the state metropolis. Speaking during… In "News" By Samuel Luka Less two than two months to the March Governorship elections in Nigeria, Governor Bala Mohammed of Bauchi State has commissioned the newly constructed Magama to Gumau road in Toro local government area of the state. Bala who took the advantage of his re-election campaign tour in the… In "News" Four persons, including a point-of-sales (PoS) operator, have been hospitalised with gunshot wounds after armed robbers attacked them at a PoS terminal in Zaki Local Government Area (LGA) of Bauchi State. The armed men were said to have taken advantage of the rush by residents on Friday night, while they… In "Headlines"