By Tom Garba Engr Nurudeen Hammanyero Nyako, the Young People’s Party (YPP) candidate who lost the Mayo Belwa, Jada, Ganye, and Toungo Federal Constituency seat in Adamawa State has congratulated Mohammed Bassi of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, the winner of last Saturday election. Nurrudeen said the sportsmanship spirit in him spurred him to accept defeat in the overall interest of people who owned the mandate and not minding who got it. He called on all his supporters to give Bassi the needed support to bring down the dividends of democracy through the blueprint he has for the constituency. “I fought a good course, my efforts and wishes is to serve my people, but God willed it for Bassi, I, therefore don’t have any choice than to submit to the total will of God,” Nurrudeen said On the Presidential election, Nurrudeen sent out his warm congratulatory note to the President-elect, Chief Asiwaju Ahmed Bola Tinubu, and his vice, Kashim Shettima for winning the election. READ ALSO: IBB congratulates Tinubu He called on them to give young Nigerians a chance to develop the country and learn from their experiences to make Nigeria better. “The youth are the ones to change Nigeria, all we need is a little push-up and encouragement to contribute our quarter,” he said. By Tom Garba Abubakar Babazango's (Abaza) aspirations of wanting to be the next House of Representatives (HoR) Member for the people of Yola North, Yola South, and Girei Federal constituency in the national assembly continued to get much acceptance by the day. Abaza who is contesting under the All Progressives… In "News" The All Progressives Congress (APC) has won all the three senatorial district election in Oyo state. For the Oyo South Senatorial District Election, s former secretary to the state government, Sharafadeen Alli emerged winner after polling 111,513 of the total votes. The candidate of People’s Democratic Party, PDP, Engineer Joseph… In "Politics" ….Maidala accuses Adamawa of failing to take Christians to holy land for pilgrimage …No! It is a blatant lie, We are the first to take pilgrims to Rome, screening over 100 intending people for another trip-ES Zidon By Tom Garba A Pastor in Adamawa state, Samaila Bulus Maidala who said… In "News"