BY STEPHEN GBADAMOSI The Minister of Youths and Sports Development, Chief Sunday Dare, has sent a congratulatory message to the president-elect, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu. Dare, in a message entitled; “Congratulatory Message to President-Elect, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, A Cerebral And Compassionate Leader,” which he made available to journalists on Sunday, the minister also praised the vice president-elect, Senator Kashim Shettima. “I most heartily congratulate my benefactor and mentor, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu and his running mate, Senator Kashim Shettima, on this amazing victory. Having worked in very close quarters with him, I know how much passion he has for Nigeria and how deep his desire to help the poor goes. “Nigeria could not have picked a more cerebral and compassionate leader to carry forward the work that has been done by President Muhammadu Buhari in the last eight years. “Today’s victory is testament to the president-elect’s decades of investment in people, relationships and institutions. His story is filled with testimonies of the strategic solutions he applied to problems that were thought to be unsolvable. “He took on the Atlantic Ocean and defeated it. I am certain that he will lead Nigeria to economic excellence and peaceful coexistence. Now that we have arrived on the other side of the murky waters of electioneering, it is time we all passed around the towel of understanding and patriotism. “I implore members of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to be magnanimous in their triumph and resist the urge to aggravate our opponents. I also call on the opposition to look at the final result as the true will of the people that has come after a fair and free contest. Nigeria’s success is far more important than personal egos. READ ALSO: Tinubu’s emergence, sign of better days ahead “I, therefore, call on men and women of conscience to see the election as a process, however imperfect it might be, and let the country heal. We cannot afford another crisis. “Once again, I congratulate the president-elect and the vice president-elect on this outstanding feat. Nigerians, congratulations on voting in the most competent team on offer; may God grant them the strength and wisdom to deliver good governance to the people,” Dare prayed. By Tunde Opalana The President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan has congratulated the President-elect, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu and the Vice President-elect, Kashim Shettima on their election victory. Lawan, in a statement Wednesday said the victory affirmed the trust of the Nigerian people in the All Progressives Congress(APC) and its… In "Politics" Governor Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna State on Thursday said he is fully with Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, National Leader of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) who is eyeing the presidency in 2023. El Rufai openly declared his support for the former Lagos State Governor at the Umaru Musa Yar’adua… In "Politics" By Tunde Opalana Former Minister Niger Delta Affairs and Senator-Elect for Akwa Ibom North West Senatorial District, Senator Godswill Akpabio, has said that the emergence of Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, as President- Elect, represents signs of better days ahead for the country. Akpabio viewed   the victory as a demonstration of… In "Politics"