….congratulates Ribadu over role in emergence of president- elect By Tom Garba, Yola Adamawa State Deputy Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Alhaji Sa’idu Naira in a congratulatory press statement has called on Nigerians to wait for the surprises that the Tinubu and Kashim’s presidency will spring. Sa’idu said that the President and the Vice President-elect, Senator Bola Ahmed Tinubu and Senator Kashim Shettima who were jointly elected under the APC platform will certainly bring reformation to the country. He congratulated Tinubu and Kashim for fighting a just course in the interest of the common man and the nation’s collective interest. “I wish these great leaders a successful tenure, I pray their tenure will spring out positive surprises for our dear nation where the restoration of economy , peace, and progress will take the lead,” he said The party chieftain also commended the former pioneer Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Mallam Nuhu Ribadu for tirelessly working for Tinubu/Kashim’s ticket to fly. READ ALSO: Alleged planned suspension: Wike, PDP to know fate May.. According to him, Ribadu and many Nigerians who believed in the leadership strides of Tinubu indeed deserve commendation. Sa’idu further called on Nigerians to give peace a chance and give hopeful support to Tinubu and his vice Kashim to work round the clock for the nation. By Tunde Opalana The President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan has congratulated the President-elect, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu and the Vice President-elect, Kashim Shettima on their election victory. Lawan, in a statement Wednesday said the victory affirmed the trust of the Nigerian people in the All Progressives Congress(APC) and its… In "Politics" BY STEPHEN GBADAMOSI The Minister of Youths and Sports Development, Chief Sunday Dare, has sent a congratulatory message to the president-elect, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu. Dare, in a message entitled; “Congratulatory Message to President-Elect, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, A Cerebral And Compassionate Leader,” which he made available to journalists on Sunday,… In "Sports" By Tom Okpe The ruling All Progressives Congress, (APC) has congratulated President-elect, Bola Ahmed Tinubu and his Vice, Kashim Shettima over their victory at the last Saturday, 25th February, 2023 Presidential election in the country. It also, thank Nigerians effusively, for their overwhelming support that resulted in renewed mandate for… In "Politics"