By Doosuur Iwambe The latest report of the United Nations Children’s Fund, (UNICEF) has revealed that the number of Nigerian undernourished teenage girls and women of reproductive age has soared to 7.3 million in three years. The report while emphasising the need to invest in essential nutrition programmes for adolescent girls and women disclosed that the number of adolescent girls and women aged 15-49 years who are undernourished soared from 5.6 million in 2018 to 7.3 million in 2021 in Nigeria. The report added that Nigeria was among the 12 hardest hit countries by the global food and nutrition crisis, alerting that the situation is putting women and newborn babies at risk. The 12 countries – including Nigeria, Afghanistan, Burkina Faso, Chad, Ethiopia, Kenya, Mali, Niger, Somalia, South Sudan, Sudan and Yemen – represent the epicentre of a global nutrition crisis that has been increased by recent impacts of COVID-19 and exacerbated by the war in Ukraine and ongoing drought, conflict, and instability in some countries. The report Titled: “undernourished and Overlooked: A Global Nutrition Crisis in Adolescent Girls and Women” released ahead of International Women’s Day also warned that the ongoing crises, aggravated by unending gender inequality, are deepening a nutrition crisis among adolescent girls and women that had already shown little improvement in the last two decades. Commenting on the report, UNICEF’s Executive Director Catherine Russell said: “This nutrition crisis is pushing millions of mothers and their children into hunger and severe malnutrition. “Without urgent action from the international community, the consequences could last for generations to come”. According to the report – an unprecedented and comprehensive look at the state of adolescent girls and women’s nutrition globally – more than one billion adolescent girls and women suffer from undernutrition (including underweight and short height), deficiencies in essential micronutrients, and anaemia, with devastating consequences for their lives and wellbeing. The report further notes that: “In Nigeria, 55 per cent of adolescent girls and women suffer from anaemia while nearly half of the Nigerian women of reproductive age do not consume the recommended diet of at least 5 out of 10 food groups (grains and tubers, pulses, nuts and seeds, dairy, meat, poultry and fish, eggs, dark green leafy vegetables, other vitamin A rich fruits and vegetables, other vegetables and other fruits) according to the 2022 National Food Consumption and Micronutrient Survey. READ ALSO: NANTA seeks FCCPC protection over foreign airlines rip.. “Inadequate nutrition during girls’ and women’s lives can lead to weakened immunity, poor cognitive development, and an increased risk of life-threatening complications – including during pregnancy and childbirth – risking mother’s lives, also, with dangerous and irreversible consequences for their children’s survival, growth, learning, and future earning capacity. For example, in Nigeria, 12 million children under 5 are stunted, meaning they are too short for their age due to malnutrition. Of those, about half become stunted during pregnancy and the first six months of life, the 500-day period when a child is fully dependent on maternal nutrition, according to a new analysis in the report.” Continuing, Russell said to prevent undernutrition in children; the country must also address malnutrition in adolescent girls and women. Speaking, UNICEF Nigeria Country Representative, Cristian Munduate, said: “To ensure a better future for our children, we must prioritize the access of adolescent girls and women to nutritious food and essential nutrition services. “The nutrition crisis is deepening among them, and urgent action is needed from all partners including the government of Nigeria and the international community. We cannot afford to overlook this crisis, and we must work together to transform food, health and social protection systems for adolescent girls and women.” In Nigeria, the 2022 Cadre Harmonise analysis published by the government shows that 17 million Nigerians are suffering from acute food insecurity, and this is likely to increase to 25 million in the lean season this year (FMARD, 2022). Since last year, UNICEF has scaled up its efforts in the countries hardest hit by the global nutrition crisis, including Nigeria. According to the report, South Asia and sub-Saharan Africa remain the epicentre of the nutrition crisis among adolescent girls and women, home to 2 in 3 adolescent girls and women suffering from being underweight globally, and 3 in 5 adolescent girls and women with anaemia. By Doosuur Iwambe At least 1.8 million Nigerians are currently living with Human Immuno-deficiency Virus (HIV) that causes Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome (AIDS), the National Agency for the Control of AIDS (NACA) has said. In a statement to commemorate World AIDS Day, the agency said that there is a decline… In "News" The International Monetary Fund has warned that food inflation might soon worsen in Nigeria and the neighbouring countries. According to the IMF, food accounts for 40 per cent of the consumption basket in sub-Saharan African countries. According to the report Nigeria’s food inflation rate skyrocketed in February to 21.9 per… In "News" By Doosuur Iwambe, Abuja COVID-19 has affected children at an unprecedented scale, making it the worst crisis for children UNICEF has seen in its 75-year history, the United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) has said. According to the latest report titled: 'Preventing a lost decade: Urgent action to reverse the devastating… In "News"