By Haruna Salami The Senator representing Kogi West, Smart Adeyemi has called on the president-elect to confer National Merit Award on Northern governors for the heroic role they played in shifting power from the North to the South in APC. According to him, having won this election, some of them sat down and meditated on how All Progressive Congress (APC) has come this far to win and noted the great role of Northern governors. After commending the almighty who made the victory possible, “we have to commend Northern governors because no matter how good a building is you have to look at the foundation. “Our candidate, incoming president and his vice came this far because the Northern governors came to a conclusion that the presidency should be zoned from the North to the South. Senator Adeyemi stated this Wednesday while speaking with journalists at the Senate Press Centre, Abuja. He said as they are celebrating as a party, they must thank the Northern governors who came together and said “for the peace and unity and stability of Nigerian nation, power should be shifted to the South. That helped the emergence of the best candidate Nigeria has ever produced for presidential election – a man of good antecedent, a man know not to be sentimental, a man of great strength of character, intelligence, a man that is cerebral and highly mobile, a man with a great record of service to God and humanity. “To me, the Northern governors deserve National Merit Award for what they have done. If the North had insisted on fielding a candidate, then only God knows what would happen to Nigeria. The governors we have today in the North, I see them as the new Sardauna, the premier of Northern region. “When I speak about Sardauna, I speak against the background of his qualities, how he governed the diverse North and today we still have monuments of his achievements in every part cutting across ethnicity and tribe. “What makes a good leader is to have a large heart and be considerate to other people. Today, the Northern governors have proved to the whole world that the are the new Sardauna of this generation. The only way to compensate them is for Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu to give all the Northern governors that came together and said power must move to the South National Merit Award. READ ALSO: IBB congratulates Tinubu “Whenever the history of this dispensation will be written, the role of Northern governors at that convention will be an integral part of it. It will be said the North in their wisdom came together and said let power shift to the South”. Adeyemi said those crying foul over the election results released by INEC had the plan to hack INEC server and spent a lot of money on that, but it failed as INEC delayed the uploading of results. He said the country will thank God some day that they have elected Tinubu Shettima because they will “make Nigeria very prosperous”. By Tom Okpe and Ukpono Ukpong Northern APC governors, on Monday, rejected the declaration of Senate President, Ahmad Lawan as the party’s consensus candidate by the APC National Chairman, Abdullahi Adamu. Adamu had earlier on Monday at the National Working Committee’s (NWC) meeting at the party secretariat, Buhari House, Abuja,… In "2023 Elections" By Tom Okpe Founding member of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), Osita Okechukwu, has congratulated the party’s northern governors and political leaders for strengthening Nigeria’s unity by endorsing power shift to the South. He said by this singular uncommon patriotic gesture, and principled response to building nationhood, the APC… In "Politics" Governor of Jigawa State, Abubakar Badaru, says the decision of northern governors in the All Progressives Congress (APC) to back power shift to the south is subject to the approval of President Muhammadu Buhari. After a meeting on Saturday, governors from the region asked Buhari to look toward the southern… In "Headlines"