By Stephen Gbadamosi The All Progressives Congress (APC) candidate for the Ondo State House of Assembly, Ose State Constituency, in the 2023 general elections, Honourable Olatunji Emmanuel Oshati (aka Maxima), has saluted the “courage and sincerity of purpose” of Ifon Council of Chiefs who recently adopted him as the sole candidate for the state House of Assembly to represent Ose Constituency in the hallowed chamber. Honourable Oshati described this adoption as a generous one borne out of trust, sincerity and love for the growth and development of the constituency. In a statement by his media team on Sunday, he promised not to betray this trust and mutual love, while also vowing to do his best to raise the bar of representation that would gladden the hearts of the people when voted into office. READ ALSO: Explosion kills more than 12 persons at crude oil He called on all citizens and residents of Ose to come out massively to vote for him, come Saturday, March 11th, “as the face of our representation at the floor of the House,” urging all Ose constituents not to miss the opportunities his candidacy and eventual representation stood for. …rallies support for Adelegbe's House of Reps ambition By Stephen Gbadamosi The All Progressives Congress (APC) candidate for Ose Constituency in the Ondo State House of Assembly, Hon. (Chief) Olatunji Oshati (Maxima), has stormed Imeri to attend the ward meeting and mini rally organised by for the ruling party by… In "Politics" By Tunde Opalana Not less than 150 amputees will be provided with artificial legs and hands by Hon. Tajudeen Olabisi Abioye, the All Progressives Congress (APC) candidate contesting for the Ifelodun/ Offa/ Oyun Federal Constituency of Kwara State. The beneficiaries are part of carefully selected persons living disabilities (PWDs) to… In "Politics" …he dedicated victory to late uncle, 2 other killed in assassination attempt The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on Sunday announced opposition spokesman Ikenga Imo Ugochinyere as duly elected PDP member of the House of Representatives for Ideato South and North seat. Ugochinyere, the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party… In "Politics"