Didn’t they say there is no smoke without fire? We will just leave it at that as the buzz says that former JJC Skillz, husband to top Nollywood actress, Funke Akindele, has remarried secretly in Nigeria. According to trending media reports, the music producer got married to an Ebira bride secretly in Kano state few months after parting ways with Funke. Sources within the entertainment industry suggest that owing to the nature of his marriage to Funke who is now a Deputy Governorship candidate under the platform of the People’s Democratic Party PDP in Lagos State, JJC refused to take photos at the event so as to keep things under wraps but still a video of his ‘alleged’ marriage to his new bride made the rounds across online platforms. Information scooped from the couple’s alleged wedding invitation card showed the event took place on February 10, 2023. The decision by JJC Skillz to remarry a few months after parting ways with Funke has sparked off series of mixed feelings on social media amongst the women folks who frowned at the speed with which the dude consummated a new union. READ ALSO: Boris Johnson faces damning new evidence in partygate But someone teased that he would come begging ‘Aunty Jenifa’ when her dreams of becoming a Deputy Governor pulls through. Anyway…six more days to go! The All Progressives Congress, APC, Lagos State has said the nomination of Funke Akindele as deputy governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, underscores the unseriousness of the party. Spokesman of the party, Mr. Seye Oladejo said this in a statement after Funke Akindele confirmed her entry into politics.… In "Politics" An Ondo State High Court sitting in Akure, the state capital, has sentenced three persons to death for killing Olufunke Olankurin, the daughter of Afenifere leader, Pa Reuben Fasoranti. While four persons were accused of the crime, the trial judge, Justice William Olamide on Friday, discharged and acquitted one of… In "News" Nollywood star Funke Akindele is overwhelmed with the joys of motherhood and watching her children grow. The actress who is blessed with twin boys took to social media to speak on her life as a mum and how she’s incredibly blessed to be raising kids. The TV star shared that… In "News"