BENJAMIN OMOIKE WITH AGENCY REPORTS The French Senate has approved President Emmanuel Macron’s unpopular pension reform plan as hundreds of thousands of protesters rallied in cities across the country to oppose the changes. Senators voted late on Saturday to adopt the reforms by 195 votes to 112, bringing the package — whose key measure is raising the retirement age by two years to 64 — closer to becoming law. “After hundreds of hours of discussions, the Senate adopted the pension reform plan. It is a key step to make a reform happen that will guarantee the future of our pension system,” Prime Minister Elisabeth Borne wrote on Twitter. She added she was “totally committed to ensure the text will be definitively adopted in the coming days”. Now that the Senate has adopted the bill, it will be reviewed by a joint committee of lower and upper house legislators, probably on Wednesday. If the committee agrees on a text, a final vote in both chambers is likely to take place on Thursday. But the outcome of that still seems uncertain in the lower chamber, the National Assembly, where Macron’s party needs allies’ votes for a majority. If the government fears it will not have enough votes in the lower house, it is still possible for it to push the text through without a parliamentary vote via a rarely used and highly controversial constitutional tool known as article 49:3. READ ALSO: NEDC: Anti-corruption group knocks CSOs over false.. The logo of the CGT trade union is seen behind hundreds of protesters in Paris, France. One sign, written in French and held up at the front reads ”Where is social justice?” A General Confederation of Labour (CGT) trade union logo is seen as demonstrators march against the government’s pension reform plan in Paris, France, March 11, 2023 [Benoit Tessier/ Reuters] Unions, which have fiercely opposed the measures, still hoped on Saturday to force Macron to back down, though the day’s protests against the reform were far smaller than some previous ones. According to figures from the interior ministry, 368,000 demonstrators marched through various cities on Saturday. Authorities had expected up to a million people to take part after a record 1.28 million people rallied in the streets earlier in the week. Tensions flared on Saturday evening, with Paris police saying they had made 32 arrests after some protesters threw objects at security forces, with rubbish bins burned and windows broken. The National Industrial court in Kaduna has affirmed the superiority of the pension reform act over employee-employer pension agreements. The Pension Reform Act (PRA) of 2004, which governs and regulates the administration of the contributory pension scheme for the public and private sectors in Nigeria, was amended and replaced with… In "Headlines" By Motolani Oseni There are indications that the Nigerian pension fund assets may increase by N1.2trillion to hit N14.8trillion as of December 31st, 2022. This is despite the fact that some states and private sector players were unable to fully settle their outstanding pension liabilities. The pension fund assets stood… In "Business" By Joy Obakeye The Director-General of Lagos State Pension Commission (LASPEC), Mr Babalola Obilana has said Lagos State Government paid N1.62 billion accrued pension rights into the Retirement Savings Accounts (RSAs) of 288 retirees. Obilana disclosed this at the 97th Batch Retirement Bond Certificate Presentation for retirees from the Lagos… In "News"