By Tunde Opalana Former Minister Niger Delta Affairs and Senator-Elect for Akwa Ibom North West Senatorial District, Senator Godswill Akpabio, has said that the emergence of Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, as President- Elect, represents signs of better days ahead for the country. Akpabio viewed   the victory as a demonstration of his acceptance across the length and breadth of the country and beyond, saying” Asiwaju is a tested and trusted hand in service delivery. He did  it before when he called the shots in Lagos State and I am very confident that he will do more for Nigerians as its leader.” The former governor of Akwa Ibom State stated this while reacting to the victory of the APC Presidential candidate as declared by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), Wednesday morning in Abuja. A release by his Chief Press Secretary, Mr Jackson Udom, quoted the former Senate Minority Leader as saying” the victory of our Presidential candidate, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, as declared this morning by the Electoral Umpire (INEC), is a confirmation of his nationwide acceptance. READ ALSO: IBB congratulates Tinubu He has the ability, capacity and the required experience needed now to take this country to the next level in both national and international affairs.” According to the former Senate Minority Leader, “electioneering and campaigns are all over. May 29th would mark the commencement of the delivery of dividends of democracy to our people in our Renewed Hope promise. I congratulate the leadership and membership of our great party on this well deserved victory of our party.” By Tunde Opalana Former Minister, Niger Delta Affairs, Senator Godswill Akpabio, has called on All Progressives Congress (APC) leaders and stakeholders in Akwa Ibom State to close ranks for the success of the party in the forth coming 2023 general elections. According to a statement by his media adviser, Jackson… In "Politics" …as Akabio Ward Tour berths in Odoro Ikpe, Ukwok communities By Tunde Opalana The election for candidates of the All Progressives Congress, APC, in the forth coming general elections received a massive boost as the ward-to-ward campaign train of Senator Godswill Akpabio on Thursday, berthed in Odoro Ikpe and Ukwok… In "Politics" BY TUNDE OPALANA Former Minister, Niger Delta Affairs and the All Progressives Congress (APC) candidate for Akwa Ibom North West Senatorial District, Senator Godswill Akpabio, has stated that the APC has the competence, capacity, ability and acceptance to win election in Nigeria and Akwa Ibom State. Addressing a mammoth crowd… In "Politics"