By Doosuur Iwambe The West African Civil Society Forum (WACSOF) has charged the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC)to improve on the foreseeable technical glitches “shortcomings ” ahead of the governorship and state assembly polls. The National Executive Director, Dr. Sanwo Olatunji-David, gave the charge on Tuesday while speaking on the just concluded presidential and National Assembly elections held on February 25 in Abuja. Olatunji-David also urged INEC to finetune and expand data capacity and all other necessary technical requirements relating to election results upload to the INEC portal as stipulated in the Election guidelines. He, however, blamed some of the technical hitches on inadequate training of polling units agent on the effective use of the Biomodal Voter Accreditation system (BVAS) machines. “Our observation across the polling units monitored identified the following: Late arrival of INEC staff and election materials made the process drag late into the night and brought about frustration on the part of the voters and thus a fertile ground for electoral malpractices. “Shortages of election consumables such as ink pads delayed voting in some polling units visited. READ ALSO: NANTA seeks FCCPC protection over foreign airlines rip.. “Some of the polling unit’s agents were seeing the BVAS for the second time after their hurriedly packaged training and couldn’t operate the device efficiently, this created hitches and Voter frustration. ” Election was free, fair, and credible up to the point of counting. “the situation however changed after counting and uploading the result was made practically impossible for Presidential results. “Above is at variance to the provisions of INEC regulations for this election and the electoral act. “Now that INEC did not consider it expedient to address complaints relating to election results before announcing the winner”, he said The group further commended the aggrieved parties for seeking redress in court rather than resorting to violence. “As a Thematic Group, our position is that the aggrieved Parties did the right thing by approaching the Presidential election Tribunal to address their grievances rather than heating the system. “Nigeria cannot afford another crisis now with the tension all over the country caused by the Naira crunch and the vexation emanating from the Feb 25th elections. “We believe that approaching the court will add value by enriching and deepening our democratic values”, he added. The Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Ogunwusi, Ojaja II, has charged the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on the successful conduct of the forthcoming general elections. Ooni gave the charge while playing host to the Osun State Resident Electoral Commissioner (REC), Dr. Mutiu Agboke, in his Palace, on Friday, in… In "Headlines" By Samuel Luka The Governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Bauchi state, Ambassador Sadique Baba Abubakar has expressed confidence that his party will emerge victorious in the Saturday Presidential and National Assembly polls. Ambassador Saddique Baba Abubakar stated this shortly after casting his votes alongside his wife… In "Politics" BY EMMANUEL OLONIRUHA The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) says it will on Monday approach the Appeal Court for an order to allow it reconfigure its Bimodal Voter Accreditation System (BVAS) for the March 11 state elections. A credible source in the commission hinted the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… In "Headlines"