Canadian-based Nigerian artist, Oseino, has unveiled the track list and album cover for her highly anticipated debut album, “Reality & Blessings.” The album is set to be released on April 12, 2023, and fans of the rising star have been eagerly awaiting the full track list and album artwork. The album cover, which was designed by renowned artist Tunde Omotayo, is a stunning visual representation of the album’s themes of self-discovery and gratitude. The cover features an image of Oseino standing in front of a sunset, with her hands raised in gratitude, symbolizing the blessings that come with life’s realities. In addition to the album cover, Oseino also released the full track list for “Reality & Blessings.” The album features 12 tracks, with a unique blend of different genres and styles. The tracks are: Produced by a team of top-notch producers, “Reality & Blessings” promises to be a game-changer for Oseino. The album is a highly personal and introspective look into Oseino’s journey of self-discovery, exploring themes of love, heartbreak, and the pursuit of dreams. READ ALSO: 10th Senate will key into Tinubu’s youth-driven Speaking about the track list and album cover, Oseino said, “I am thrilled to finally share the full track list and album cover for ‘Reality & Blessings.’ It has been a long time coming, and I am excited to showcase my music and my journey. The album cover represents the gratitude I feel for life’s blessings, and I hope the tracks will connect with listeners on a deeper level.” With the album’s release just around the corner, fans of Oseino’s music and newcomers alike are eagerly awaiting the release of this album, which promises to be one of the standout music releases of the year. Nigerian rapper Ani Jeremiah Chukwuebuka, popularly known as Jeriq has dropped his most anticipated debut album titled Billion Dollar Dream," a deluxe version project. Jeriq's debut project which was released on January 26th, 2022, follows his rise from humble beginnings to achieving his dreams of becoming a successful musician. The… In "Entertainment" …. Set to release new music ‘ Soro’ Years after taking a halt in the entertainment industry, Afrobeat artiste, Lawal Olalekan Olumo better known as Konga is set for a comeback in the music industry with the release of his trending album titled ‘ AWOL’ and ever since have been… In "News" The Nigerian music industry has recently upgraded from what it used to be in the last two years. The industry has witnessed a new dimension as new young, talented hip hop act with energy and what it takes to make it to the top. They are focused, determined and bustling… In "Entertainment"