Presidential candidate of the Labour Party, Peter Obi, says the fire outbreak at Akere Spare Parts Market and the Ikeja Train/Bus accident are mishaps too many for the good people of Lagos State. The presidential flag beer said his heart goes to the victims of the various mishaps in Lagos and other parts of the country as he prays for God to supply them with the required fortitude needed at this time. Obi said that “the sad news of the fire outbreak at Akere Spare Parts Market in Olodi, Apapa, Ajegunle Lagos plus the train bus accident that left deaths, injuries and loss of properties at this critical time of hardship can be disheartening knowing the hardship Nigerians are going through already. “I commiserate deeply with all those affected by these accidents. I call on the affected government and relevant authorities to investigate the cause of the accidents thoroughly, and forestall future occurrence while finding ways to help the affected victims.” READ ALSO: French Senate approves Macron’s pension plan amid new. Obi said that there is a need for equal protection under the law, and the government’s meeting of her responsibility to protect lives and property cannot be overemphasised. He noted that in a new Nigeria of his dream which is possible, lives of citizens and their property will be better appreciated because the system will work and avoidable accidents reduced drastically. …Sanwo-Olu declares 3 days mourning BENJAMIN OMOIKE, FRANCESCA IWAMBE, TEMITOPE ADEBAYO The Minister of Transportation, Mu'azu Jaji Sambo has expressed deep sadness over the train accident which occurred in the early hours of Thursday, 9th March 2023 in Lagos. The accident involved a Nigerian Railway Corporation passenger train and a… In "Headlines" BY BENJAMIN OMOIKE Driver of the Lagos State Government staff bus that was involved in the incident that led to a train colliding with the bus at the PWD/ Shogunle railway line, on the Agege Motor Road in Lagos, last Thursday, has appealed to victims of the accident to forgive… In "News" By Temitope Adebayo The National Inland Waterways Authority (NIWA), and the Lagos State Waterways Authority (LASWA) have urged boat operators and ferry service providers to adhere strictly to inland waterways safety codes. This was disclosed, over the weekend, at the training of over 120 boat operators and skippers by the… In "Transportation"