Osun State Governor Senator Ademola Adeleke has urged his predecessor Gboyega Oyetola to stop listening to the “devil’s whispering” on a possible return to government, saying God doesn’t support “electoral banditry and deceit”. During a welcome prayer organised for him by All Progressives Congress (APC) leaders and supporters in the state capital earlier on Monday, Oyetola claimed God promised to return him as Governor of the state. But in a statement, Adeleke through his spokesperson Olawale Rasheed Reminded Oyetola that there is life after losing an election, saying that Osun people have moved on and are now enjoying “a new government of openness, accountability, and responsiveness to yearnings and aspirations of the citizenry”. READ ALSO: Jigawa APC suffers setback as Ex-Deputy Governor The statement read:“The holy books even noted that devil’s whispering is real and no one should mistake the voice of devil for God. Our Almighty God has spoken resoundingly in favour of a new Governor, Senator Ademola Adeleke. Mr Oyetola should better be reading ‘auzubilahi mina shaytani rajeem’ so he can hear the true voice of God – that a new leader is anointed by divine will for the Osun people. “Osun has launched a new chapter. This new leadership has returned state power to the people who are now feeling the new air of government of the people, by the people, and for the people. Never will Osun be returned again to the years of locust”, the statement added. BY STEPHEN GBADAMOSI The Osun State Government has dismissed as outright falsehood, the insinuation by a group that it plans to divert the SURE-P refund recently released to local governments. Spokesman for Governor Ademola Adeleke, Mallam Olawale Rasheed, said in a statement on Thursday that, “we note that jobless officials… In "Politics" By Stephen Gbadamosi, Ibadan The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Osun State has told its rival, the All Progressives Congress (APC) that the recent admission of some documents by the Governorship Election Petition Tribuna was of no value to the case. According to a statement by Mallam Olawale Rasheed, the… In "Politics" By Stephen Gbadamosi New Osun State governor, Senator Nurudeen Ademola Adeleke, and his deputy, Kola Adewusi, have taken the oath of office and allegiance as helmsmen of the state. Adeleke, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) candidate in the last governorship election in the state, is succeeding the former Governor Gboyega… In "Headlines"