Alhaji Sa’ad Abubakar III, the Sultan of Sokoto and President General, Nigeria Supreme Council for Islamic Affairs (NSCIA), has told Nigerians to vote for leaders with reputable character in the 2023 general elections. Abubakar made the call on Thursday while addressing participants at the 29th regular meeting of the National Council on Water Resources (NCWR) in Sokoto. The Sultan said as the general elections were approaching Nigerians needed to use their votes wisely. “Nigerians need to think and rethink of who they are casting their votes to. “We should not consider the religious or ethnic backgrounds of anybody we are voting for but Nigeria first. READ ALSO: King David The Great: Making giant strides with “Our country should be our priority above anything and not voting any person who may worsen our present challenges,” he warned. Abubakar added that for Nigeria to progress as a nation, Nigerians needed to put ethnicity aside and face the reality. The Sultan said: “Our country is far better than many countries of the world in terms of security. “Therefore, we should continue to support and appreciate our country and leaders with prayers in order to be able to address our challenges._ Abubakar appreciated the Federal Government, the Minister of Water Resources and the officials of the ministry for choosing Sokoto State to hold the council meeting. The Nigeria Supreme Council for Islamic Affairs (NSCIA) and Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) have signed a pact to de-escalate religious tension in the country ahead of the 2023 general elections. The accord was signed during the International Religious Freedom Summit organised by the Global Peace Foundation and 70 international… In "Headlines" The Muslim Rights Concern, MURIC, on Thursday dissociated the Jama’atu Nasril Islam (JNI) under the leadership of the Sultan of Sokoto, Muhammad Sa’ad Abubakar, from the list of Islamic groups supporting terrorist activities in Nigeria. Recall that the National Security Adviser, NSA, to President Muhammadu Buhari, Babagana Monguno, said the… In "News" Former President Goodluck Ebele Jonathan has advised Nigerians to vote for credible leaders who have the country at heart and would see Nigeria as their project. He gave the advice during an interview with newsmen in Minna, Niger State on Thursday after a visit to the former Head of State,… In "Headlines"