On October 31, 2021 Morris had expressed his displeasure with the quantity of bills he must pay as a citizen of Canada, Morris wrote in his article that his monthly expenses are too high and that he was about to go to Nigeria. Ifeanyi Emmanuel Igboke popularly known as Emmanuel Igboke, who is also located in Canada, challenged him for trying to dissuade Nigerians from traveling in order to refute his viewpoint on the expensive lifestyle in the west. It was seems to be a misunderstanding between the two creatives who are also putting Nigeria on the map with their various talents. In an effort to prevent Nigerians from relocating to Canada, Emmanuel Igboke has taken on Mc Morris. READ ALSO: What I told Donald Trump when he asked me why christians are being killed in Nigeria – Buhari They appear to have put their issues behind them as Emmanuel posted on his Instagram on 21 January 2023 about a comedy concert in Canada that would be presented by MC Morris, the show also features some notable Nollywood stars and comedy stars like Ali Baba, Osita Iheme, Chinedu Ikedieze, Yomi Fabiyi and others. A post shared by Emmanuel Igboke (@officialemmanuell) Ahead of the 2023 general elections, ex-President Goodluck Jonathan has charged Nigerians not to make the mistake of voting those he described as killers into elective positions. He gave the charge on Sunday in Uyo during a special interdenominational service to celebrate the 35th anniversary of the creation of Akwa… In "Headlines" Nollywood actor, Emmanuel Igboke, has urged Nigerians to ensure they get their Permanent Voter Cards and vote wisely in the forthcoming 2023 general elections. He also noted that 2023 would be a great year for the country and the citizens if the electorates chose rightly and prayed to God ahead… In "Entertainment" By Tunde Opalana Spokesperson of the Atiku-Okowa Presidential Campaign Council, Mr Charles Aniagwu has said that Nigerians were not interested in wrangling within political parties but how to get the country back to working ways. Aniagwu who said this while speaking on "Focus Nigeria" on AIT on Wednesday added that… In "Politics"