By Nsikak Ekpenyong A non-governmental organization, Free School Foundation, on Friday launched 12,000 scholarship placement for students across the federation. Speaking at the occasion, President of the Foundation, Dr Akachi Nwoke, said the NGO had successfully enrolled 5,000 in its scholarship scheme. This, he said, comprised students in nursery, primary, secondary and tertiary institutions. “The beauty of this 12,000 scholarship is that it is completely free of charge and we are urging everyone to partner with us to make the project a sustainable and achievable project. “We are making the project open to all students who want to go to school and are having financial issues. They can apply from our website http://www.thefreeschoolfoundation.org ,” he said. He called on well meaning Nigerians and donors to support the organization with funds in order to actualise its goals. One of the beneficiaries of the scheme, Ugochukwu GreatGod Udochukwu, said, “This scholarship has helped me in my schooling life. When I graduated from secondary school, my parents didn’t have any plans to further my studies but the foundation came to our aid. They pay all the bills in the school. We have nothing much to cater for.” By Doosuur Iwambe, Abuja ExxonMobil, one of the largest publicly traded international energy companies, has said that it has committed at least 15 Billion naira in the fight against malaria in Nigeria in the last 20 years. The Manager, Media and Communications at Mobil Producing Nigeria Unlimited Mr Ogechukwu Udeagha,… In "News" Boatnaija Foundation has explained that its charity work in the Makoko community is in line with its commitment to impacting rural communities. This comes on the heel of its recent project carried out in partnership with Harvesters Empower Foundation whereby 150 life jackets and 5 Paddle Boats were given out… In "News" December 18 2021 will remain unforgettable in the anals of history of Jesus Kids Orphanage Ibadan as Lagos based financial entrepreneur and Chief Executive of Digital Space Capital Mrs. Olubukola Abitoye stormed their compound to celebrate with the kids. Mrs. Olubukola Abitoye who is also the founder of Florence Modupe… In "News"