Four men have allegedly caused the death of three women; Olukemi Okeseyin, 60, Amoke Abiodun, 30, and Ayo Muyiwa, 24, by crushing them to death with their vehicle in Oyo State. Police prosecutor, ASP. Adewale Amos, told the court that the suspects Omotayo, Michael, Rotimi, and Matthew conspired to commit the crime of murder at midnight of Jan.1. According to him, the four defendants on Jan. 1, at about 12.45 a.m met at Akinmorin area, unlawfully caused the death of the three women, The accused, while driving a Toyota Camry car with Registration No. EKY 14 HP, allegedly crushed the women intentionally to death. The fifth defendant, Oluwatosin who was aware of the seriousness of the offence tried to stop the police from arresting the other accused. READ ALSO: What I told Donald Trump when he asked me why christians are being killed in Nigeria – Buhari Adewale stated that the offence violates section 10 and 316 and is punishable under sections 319, 519, and 324 of the Criminal Code Laws of Oyo State 2000. The Chief Magistrates’ Court sitting at Iyaganku , Ibadan, ordered the remand of the five men at the Agodi Correctional center, Ibadan The Chief Magistrate, Emmanuel Idowu, who refused their plea for want of jurisdiction insisted that they remain in the correctional center, pending the receipt of the legal advice from the Oyo State Ministry of Justice. He, thereafter, adjourned the matter until March 16, for mention. Police in north-western Pakistan arrested over two dozen suspects for setting a police station on fire during clashes over the custody of a man allegedly for blasphemy. Hundreds of angry protesters clashed with the Police in the Charsadda district of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province after they refused to hand over a… In "Foreign" A man has allegedly stabbed his neighbor to death over a misunderstanding involving a goat. The man, Musa Usman who hails from Sangere, a community in Yola plead guilty to stabbing his neighbor Abubakar Yunusa in his ribs. One Idris Saidu reported the crime to the police which consequently led… In "News" David Hundeyin and Abike Dabiri-Erewa get into heated debate on radio over death of Nigerian woman, Itunu, wrongly jailed in Ivory Coast. The video shows Ms. Abike's reaction when Hundeyin called in to the show to discuss Itunu's death. David asked questions about what was done by the Nigerians in… In "News"