By Temitope Adebayo Chinese company GAC has recently launched a new product the second generation of the GAC GS3 crossover SUV in china The compact 4.41-meter SUV (wheelbase 2.65 m), which attracts attention with a modern and interesting design created by numerous intersections of straight lines. Just look at the side surfaces, the bumper and headlights, the “striped” grille, and the triangular lights. The styling, designed to appeal to Generation Z, is characterized by sharp surfacing and a sporty flair. Notable elements include the large grille which is flanked by aggressive Peugeot-style LED headlights, the floating roof, the flush door handles, and the large rear spoiler. GAC showed two variants of the GS3, the regular and the R-Style. The latter adopts even sportier looks thanks to the orange accents, the aerodynamic bumper extensions, the larger 19-inch alloy wheels, and the more pronounced rear apron with supercar-inspired diffuser and centrally-mounted dual round tailpipes. Leaving aside the exterior, if we go inside the new GS3 we will quickly be surrounded by a comfortable environment. A cabin in which up to five adult passengers can travel. The interior features the “Mobile Loft” concept. To enhance the feeling of relaxation and comfort, the wraparound design of the door panels and the dashboard has been combined with concave surfaces. READ ALSO: REVEALED: 20 Surprising foods that weaken your immune It also has a customizable ambient lighting system with 32 colors. And speaking of customization, with the generational change, come new color options for the interior trim. In addition, the load capacity has been improved. The trunk has a cargo volume of 341 liters. Under the hood, there is a 1.5-liter gasoline turbo engine with 177 “horses”, which works in tandem with a 7-speed automated WDCT transmission and front-wheel drive. The 21st Abuja International Motor Fair is poised to hold in Nigeria’s capital - at the International Conference Centre Annex Garki, Abuja, from the 15th to 20th of November, 2021; welcoming all car lovers and automobile industry players in Nigeria. GAC Motor will inaugurate its presence at Nigeria's most consistent… In "Business" In renewing its efforts at fostering the sustainable development of Nigeria's socio-economic landscape, GAC Motor has once again taken a pivotal role in sponsoring the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Nigeria (ICAN) as the organisation marks its 51st year anniversary. Themed “Building Trust in Governance”, the 5-day event holding from… In "Business" By Temitope Adebayo Kia has won the ‘Manufacturer of the Year’ at the 2022 Awards for second consecutive year. Kia has taken home a win at the TopGear.com awards; last year, the newly launched EV6 won the ‘Crossover of the Year’ category. Kia has launched several game-changing models in Europe… In "Business"