By Joy Obakeye BUA Group has been announced as a main sponsor of the 2023 Lagos International Polo Tournament scheduled to hold from January 28 to February 19, 2023, in Lagos State. In addition, BUA will be sponsoring the most prestigious high-goal subsidiary cup – The Independence Cup reputed as the oldest polo prize in Nigeria and competed for by high-goal teams since the early 1900s. Formerly the Kaiser Willhelm Cup, the glittering prize was donated in 1914 by the then-German Ambassador to Nigeria, to be competed for by high-goal teams from Nigeria and Cameroun. The cup was renamed Independence Cup when Nigeria secured her Independence in 1960 and it is one of two cups given to the winner of the Majekodunmi finals. Speaking on the partnership, O’tega Ogra, Director of Corporate Communications at BUA Group said, “Polo, which is popularly called “The Game of Kings and the King of Games” is a game that is marked by a beautiful display of strength, character, professionalism, mastery, and teamwork – values we share at BUA. READ ALSO: Shehu Sani: APC’s failures making things difficult for.. We believe the Lagos International Polo Tournament embodies the full experience of the game, and as a proudly African organization with roots in Nigeria, BUA Group is proud to once again partner with the Lagos International Polo Tournament, which is the most prestigious Polo Tournament in West Africa.” “Our key brands including two of Africa’s top 10 largest companies, BUA Cement and BUA Foods will be on the ground to host various activations during the tournament, he added.” Rotimi Makanjuola, Polo Captain, Lagos Polo Club said the tournament will have both Nigerian and foreign teams compete in four main cups, namely; Open Cup, from January 28 to February 5; Majekodunmi Cup, from February 7 to 12; Low Cup, from February 7 to 19 and the Silver Cup, from February 14 to 19. He further added that the tournament is going to be exciting and colourful to experience. “For this year, we have 30 teams playing in the 4 different cups, we have 13 in the silver cup, 14 in the Low Cup, 8 in the Open Cup, and 3 in the Majekodunmi Cup. This season is also going to be very special because we have young players that are coming to play in their first-ever tournament which will also be televised via the internationally recognized PoloCam TV”, he said. The Nigerian Football League received a big boost with the announcement of the Dozy Mmobuosi Super Cup Football Competition. This unique competition which has the approval and backing of the Nigerian Professional Football League (NPFL) will take place before the commencement of the regular professional football league season. The tournament… In "Sports" Nigeria’s D’Tigers on Sunday beat Uganda 95-69 to lead in the first round in Group A of the African Qualifiers for the 2023 FIBA Basketball World Cup. The Nigerian team, after their opening 71-79 loss to Cape Verde on Friday when the window one of matches began, had gone on… In "Sports" By Motolani Oseni The Ambassador of South Korea to Nigeria, Kim Young-Chae, has discussed areas of partnership and how to deepen existing business and economic relationships between Nigeria and South Korea. He made this call when he visited the BUA Group HQ in Lagos where he was received by the… In "Business"