The Federal Government has been advised to get itself involved in the Jet A1 crisis rocking the Nigerian aviation industry or risk the collapse of indigenous airline operators. Capt. Samuel Caulcrick , a former Rector of the Nigerian College of Aviation Technology (NCAT), Zaria, in an interview with Daily Independent over the weekend in Lagos said that the Federal Government had performed creditably well in the industry in 2022, but warned that the Jet A1 scarcity and its attendant high cost may negatively affect the industry. Presently, Jet A1, otherwise known as aviation fuel in local parlance is sold at N800 to N850 per litre, depending on the quantity and the airport an airline is buying from. The product at the beginning of the year was sold for N250 to N300 per litre, but since the outbreak of the war between Russia and Ukraine, the prices have skyrocketed, thereby affecting operating costs of airlines. Aviation fuel, according to some of the airline operators at present is over 60 per cent of total operating cost for airlines, a huge leap from 30 per cent at the beginning of the year. According to Caulcrick, the government could get involved in the supply chain of the product to the airlines, not as an importer, but through subsidy of the product to operators. He opined that the government could purchase the product from the major oil marketers and sell to operators in the industry at subsidised rate, arguing that the government would benefit more through taxes on the long run. Besides, the former NCAT helmsman explained that the government through the Nigeria Air Force had some Jet A1 reserves, which it could tap into to feed the airlines in case of the scarcity and high cost of the product as it is presently happening in the sector. He said: “Also, when it comes to Jet A1, the government doesn’t want to get involved, but I think the government should get involved, but not as an importer. The government has Jet A1 reserve for the Air Force because of security. So, the Air Force cannot rely on suppliers for Jet A1 to fly their jets. READ ALSO: No plans to drop my deputy, says Diri “Government should be able to look into that reserve at times to save the commercial sector especially when the scarcity of the product is alarming or if there is a price hike and the government wants to subsidise it. “The government can also call the fuel marketers and buy the product off them and sell at subsidise rate for the airlines. This is necessary because the government is taking money back from every airline that flies because the airlines are paying charges. “Definitely with this, the government would make its money back because if they don’t fly, the government cannot make money. For every hour the airlines fly, the government gets some money too, which would have been zero if they don’t fly. So, the government has to be very flexible.” Besides, Caulcrick rated the performance of the government high in the sector in the past seven years. He mentioned the removal of customs duties for airlines for imported spare parts and aircraft as a major success recorded by the government in the past seven years, saying that this had relieved the airlines of unnecessary financial debts. He insisted that the performance of the government could not be judged solely on the failed national carrier project. Nigeria airlines have increased fares for domestic flights to at least N80,000 depending on the trip over the rising cost of aviation fuel and foreign exchange (FX) crisis. Checks by TheCable on Friday showed that Azman Air flight from Lagos to Kano/Kaduna increased from about N60,000 to N100,000. Air Peace… In "Headlines" By Chukwuemeke Iwelunmo The Airline Operators of Nigeria (AON) has cried out over the non-availability of Jet A1 popularly known as aviation fuel in the country. This will no doubt cause nightmares for air travelers. Passengers were beginning to heave a sigh of relief with the introduction of pocket-friendly fares… In "Headlines" The Airlines Operators of Nigeria (AON) has warned that the flight operations of its members may experience disruptions due to a growing scarcity of aviation fuel (Jet-A1). A statement signed by AON’s spokesperson Prof. Obiora Okonkwo, said the “The scarcity is impacting negatively on seamless conduct of air transport operations… In "Headlines"