Family Peace Cooperative Society, FPCS, has been launched. On the occasion in Abuja, the President of FPCS, Amb. Segun Ogunyannwo said the move was to boost the welfare of Mediators nationwide. Amb Ogunyannwo therefore advised Nigerians to develop the habit of saving culture for future financial well being. Amb. Ogunyannwo who expressed concern over the financial recklessness of some salary earners also called on Nigerians to always be prudent in their endeavour. The President of FCPS who said the benefits of cooperative society cannot be overemphasized stressed the need for both public and private workers to form cooperative society for mutual assistance and socio-economic benefits. He stated that FCPS was set up after the lock down experience of COVID 19 that redefined the benefits of saving for tomorrow in day to day affairs of every Nigerians. According to him, most challenges of housing encounter by some retired publc officers is due to their failure to key into the opportunities inherent in saving culture through cooperative society. While calling for more enabling environment for cooperative societies to operate in the country, Amb. Ogunyannwo reiterated the commitment of FPCS towards contributing to human development through economic empowerment In a remark, the Patron of FPCS, Amb. Demenongu Agev called for measures that would guard against fraudulent cooperative societies in the country. Amb. Agev emphasized the need for cooperative societies to Invest in agriculture and housing towards enhancing food security and reduce housing deficit in the country. Other speakers at the forum stressed the need for cooperative societies to always contribute their quota to national economic development. Abuja Electricity Distribution Company (AEDC), on Monday apologised to consumers over power disruption in its franchise areas. It assured consumers of speedy resolution of the strike by its employees that led to the power disruption. AEDC’s franchise area includes Kogi, Nasarawa, Niger states and the FCT. “Following the industrial action… In "News" BY TOM GARBA Coordinator of North East Concerned Citizens Association (NECCA), a Non-Governmental Organisation (NGO), Abubakar Ibrahim Gombi, says the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari has disappointed Nigerians, especially in the area of intervention. Ibrahim said this when he addressed journalists in Yola and expressed worry about how communities affected… In "News" …advises FG/security agencies to change tactics, pleads with bandits to lay down arms and embrace peace Following the incessant attacks by Boko Haram/ISWAP in the North-East, Bandit/Terrorists in the North West, Unknown gunmen/IPOB in the South-East and the recent attacks on the Abuja- Kaduna train, the United Nations SDG Ambassador… In "News"