BY ISAAC JOB The Senatorial candidate on the platform of All Progressive Congress (APC), for Akwa Ibom North West Senatorial District and former Minister of Niger Delta Affairs, Senator Godswill Akpabio, has promised to address infrastructural deficiency in Ini Council Area of the state if elected in next month National Assembly election . Akpabio who won at the Supreme Court to remain on the ballot for the election has promised to work with a federal agency, Border Communities Development Commission to tackle poor amenities in the area. Speaking during the ongoing ward tour of all local government areas in the Senatorial District, Akpabio disclosed that there is a federal Agency known as Border Communities Development Commission committed to the development of border areas adding that no border community has benefitted from the agency in the state. Akpabio assured the Senatorial district that he will return to the Red Chambers with knowledge and experience to help the people. READ ALSO: NAFDAC to implement pharmaceutical traceability to He said many politicians do not know the existence of the border communities development commission and could not use it to benefit the people living in the border areas in various senatorial districts across the nation. He promised to leverage on his experience and vast contact to bring federal presence to Ini Local Government Area especially Usuk Ukwok which is a border community. “I will use my experience to tap from federal agencies and change the fortunes of border communities in my senatorial district,” he said. …as Akabio Ward Tour berths in Odoro Ikpe, Ukwok communities By Tunde Opalana The election for candidates of the All Progressives Congress, APC, in the forth coming general elections received a massive boost as the ward-to-ward campaign train of Senator Godswill Akpabio on Thursday, berthed in Odoro Ikpe and Ukwok… In "Politics" By Tunde Opalana, Abuja The Vice Chairman of the All Progressives Congress( APC), Presidential Campaign Council, Senator Godswill Akpabio, has said that he would approach the highest court in the land to seek redress on the Appeal Court judgement which nullified his election as the APC candidate for Akwa Ibom… In "Politics" BY TUNDE OPALANA Former Minister, Niger Delta Affairs and the All Progressives Congress (APC) candidate for Akwa Ibom North West Senatorial District, Senator Godswill Akpabio, has stated that the APC has the competence, capacity, ability and acceptance to win election in Nigeria and Akwa Ibom State. Addressing a mammoth crowd… In "Politics"