Popular Nigerian actress, Mercy Johnson-Okojie has opened up about a health issue that led to her being placed on medication for the rest of her life. The thespian revealed that she had a cancer scare six months after having her last child and this led to a life changing surgery. The mother of four made the very emotional revelation during her latest episode of her Youtube cooking show where she had a special guest, Joke Silva, on for a chat. Mercy had asked Joke about her husband Olu Jacobs’ health, and that led to the conversation about Mercy’s own health struggles. Mercy said, “Odi [her husband] and I have actually been here and I have never discussed it where we had, like uhm, a scare. I had a cancer scare in quote and I had like my thyroid removed. And it was like a journey for us because we had kids. “My last was six months at that time and then we kept on saying “okay, we have to understand that this is the new us, let’s go get the surgery done”. And then we got there, they said I was going to be on medication for the rest of my life and it was a reality that we had to sit down. READ ALSO: FRSC apprehend over 14,000 drivers in 2022 in C/River “You know, them giving me a timing and telling me you can’t miss your medication. Once you wake up that day, that’s the first thing. Telling me all of the side effects. So I’m reconciling with this you’re saying, it’s the truth. At the point you realize this is where we are, let’s grow from here, let’s live in this comfort zone. Popular nollywood actress, Mercy Aigbe has decided to clarify the air on her ex husband and new lover relationship during an interview session on Tvc stating her ex husband and new lover were never friends in anyway. Recall that Businessman, Lanre Gentry, ex husband to Nollywood actress, Mercy Aigbe has… In "News" A physically challenged woman, Rose Matthew has been caught in the web of protracted lies when she claimed that she took her four sons to Mercy Land Deliverance Church, Warri Delta state and the last one, Testimony mysteriously got missing. She took the matter to a popular human right activist,… In "News" A Nigerian woman who got married as a virgin has recounted how she was unable to get intimate with her husband months after the wedding ceremony. The lady identified as Titothewriter took to her Instagram page to reveal that after her marriage to her husband they found it hard to… In "News"