By Ukpono Ukpong President Muhammadu Buhari will depart Lagos for Senegal on today, where he will attend the 2nd edition of Dakar International Conference on Agriculture. This was contained in a statement signed by the Special Adviser to the President on Media and Publicity, Femi Adesina. The high-level Dakar 2 Summit hosted by President Macky Sall of Senegal and the Chairperson of the African Union is holding under the theme “Feeding Africa: Food Sovereignty and Resilience.” The conference, which seeks to create favourable conditions toward achieving food security in Africa, is convened jointly by the government of Senegal and the African Development Bank. READ ALSO: Group commends NEDC massive project execution in North… There will also be side meetings to discuss agreements on the delivery of food and agricultural products in some countries, including Nigeria. With Africa accounting for 249 million or a third of the 828 million hungry people in the world, the Summit, to be attended by African Heads of State and Government, Ministers of finance and agriculture, as well as several global development partners, is expected to make commitments on eradicating hunger in Africa by 2030. The President’s delegation is made up of Ministers and top government officials including the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Geoffrey Onyeama, Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Dr. Mohammad Mahmood Abubakar, National Security Adviser, Mohammed Babagana Monguno and Director-General, National Intelligence Agency (NIA), Ambassador Ahmed Rufai Abubakar. President Buhari is expected back in the country on Wednesday, January 25. By Dr. Austin Maho The 8th ministerial conference on the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation FOCAC will be held in Dakar, Senegal from November 29 to 30 this year with the theme: “Deepen China-Africa Partnership and Promote Sustainable Development to Build a China-Africa Community with a Shared Future in the New… In "News" Ukpono Ukpong President Muhammadu Buhari has called for more concerted and institutionalised effort in ameliorating the suffering of refugees and Internally Displaced Persons (IDP) in Africa, saying only "collective and coordinated" approach would make a difference. In his remarks at the 16th African Union Extra-ordinary Session of Assembly of Heads… In "Headlines" *Says a strong bond of brotherhood between Nigeria, S’Africa of great benefit to Africa Ukpono Ukpong President Muhammadu Buhari, on Wednesday, urged stronger emphasis on people-to-people relations between South Africa and Nigeria to evolve a bond that will be of benefit to both countries and the entire African continent. President… In "Headlines"