By Temitope Adebayo The Managing Director of Nigeria Railway Corporation (NRC), Fidet Okhiria, said that the corporation was yet to complete its security architecture of train stations across the country before the Edo attack occurred. The NRC MD said this while speaking on the incident on Channels Television’s breakfast programme, Sunrise Daily.Okhiria, however, noted that the attacks in the Nigeria Railway system were deliberate and an act of sabotage. According to him, security could not be 100 per cent guaranteed, although, Edo State Commissioner of Police and his men were still in search of the bandits and also doing everything possible to ensure the release of the other victims, adding that the remaining victims were suspected to be divided into groups. “At this point, we have not got to the peak of that security architecture we want in our stations, although it is out of the ordinary; we don’t have that in railway operations. “We have been liaising with the security agents, the Inspector General of Police, Chief of Defence Staff, Chief of Army Staff and Chief of Air Staff to raise the security committee that the Minister of Transportation, Mu’azu Sambo, setup which is made up of the military personnel to ensure that the right people are deployed to our train station and to the train. “I don’t think there is perfect security situation. Even the United States, they still tackle security issues. We just pray that Nigerians change their minds because that is the best way we can live in peace and the earlier we apprehend these evil people the better for everyone”, he said. READ ALSO: Shehu Sani demands medical test for all presidential The NRC boss further explained that security measures were not being limited to Abuja-Kaduna or Lagos-Ibadan train stations, adding that when they were talking of security, it is general security for the railway system. “We have been liaising with the security agents, the Inspector General of Police, Chief of Defence Staff, Chief of Army Staff and Chief of Air Staff to raise the security committee that the Minister of Transportation, Mu’azu Sambo, setup which is made up of the military personnel to ensure that the right people are deployed to our train station and to the train. By Temitope Adebayo The Managing Director, Nigeria Railway Corporation (NRC), Fidet Okhiria, has said the increased cost of diesel and other logistics will be a significant determinant in the new price of train services. NRC had earlier in the year, reduced the number of trips on the Lagos-Ibadan route due… In "Business" Railway workers have suspended their three-day warning strike which was earlier declared to demand improved welfare. The workers announced the suspension on Friday, a day after they had commenced the strike and shut down passenger and cargo train services of the Nigerian Railway Corporation (NRC). In Abuja, the nation’s capital,… In "News" By Joy Obakeye As more facts emerged about the casualties of the terror attack on Abuja – Kaduna train last Monday, a call has been made for an all-inclusive framework for National Security measures as contained in the 2014 National Confab to complement the currently integrated security surveillance and monitoring… In "News"