BY ANDREW OROLUA President of the Court of Appeal, Justice Monica Dongban-Mensem, on Monday, warned that the court would sack any staff who attends to or compromised processes of petitions arising from the forthcoming general elections. Justice Dongban-mensem stressed that unlike in the past, when staff who were found to have compromised were removed and transferred to other divisions, anyone found culpable would be sacked by the Federal Judicial Service Commission and prosecuted accordingly. She gave the warning while declaring open a two day capacity building training workshop titled: “Challenges Arising from Election Petition Tribunal and the Way Forward,” for staff of Election Petition Tribunal Secretariat. Stating that the tribunals were established for the purposes of determining disputes arising from the conduct of elections into various elective positions, she urged staff of the tribunals to live above board and avoid anything that would bring the activities of the court to questioning or disrepute. “It is part of your obligation to discharge your duties with utmost good faith and not be carried away by little advances. Your integrity and that of the Tribunal and its members are in the public searchlight, you must therefore ensure you are not used as weapons to truncate the process”, she said. READ ALSO: League of professionals, Nothern leaders halt action President of the Court of Appeal similarly advised the staff not see their task as an opportunity to make money to enrich themselves but rather go there to build “your name and your future as it is literally said that a good name is better than silver and gold”, adding that “The Court will not hesitate to deal with anyone found wanting in this regard. She equally harped on the need for the members to constantly relate with the Election Petition Tribunal Unit of the Court of Court’s Headquarters at intervals and report matters likely to forestall breaches in communication. “For the sake of emphasizes, it is important to state that Petitions before the Tribunals are time bound. It is therefore your utmost responsibility to ensure processes are properly and timely filed once they are brought to the Registry to forestall administrative injustice to the parties before such matters are adjudicated. “You must count yourselves worthy to have been chosen to perform in this regard. Our choice is premised on trust, competence and confidence the Court has in you which I pray you do not erode while discharging your duties at the Tribunal. “Let me once again mention that the work ahead is enormous and you must indeed brace up for the challenges ahead”, she said. While noting that the training consists of scintillating topical issues that will in no small measure prepare them for their assignment, Justice Dongban-mensem urge participants to pay rapt attention to every detail so as to be well equipped and informed of their roles as Tribunal Secretaries and support staff as elaborated in the Electoral Act 2022 (as amended) and the Election Judicial Proceedings Practice Direction, 2022. “This training will serve as a forum for you to share experiences with one another wherein guidance will be provided and strategies devised for the strengthening of the Tribunals, she said “It is important for you to familiarise yourselves with the provisions of the Constitution of Federal Republic of Nigeria, 1999 (as amended) the Electoral Act, 2022 and the Practice Direction as it affects your performance at the Registry” she added. By Andrew Orolua Chief Justice of Nigeria (CJN), Justice Olukayode Ariwoola has warned 307 members of 2023 Election Petition Tribunals to shun corruption and follow the path of Justice in adjudicating election petitions that will be brought before them next year. Justice Ariwoola issued the warning on Monday while administering… In "Headlines" A court has permitted the Action Alliance (AA) to open its certificate forgery allegations suit against the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Bola Tinubu. Hearing in the matter could not go on as scheduled following an application by one Adekunle Omo-Aje and his group claiming leadership of… In "News" *Seeks his removal,thorough probe over statement By Doosuur Iwambe, Abuja A civil society organisation has demanded immediate sack of the Chief of Defence Staff, CDS, General Lucky Irabor following his statement that security agencies were under serious pressure to compromise the 2023 general elections. The civil society organisation, operating under… In "News"