The Federal Government has assured that Nigeria’s mini-bid round will boost global energy sufficiency in the long run. Mr Gbenga Komolafe, the Chief Executive Officer, Nigerian Upstream Petroleum Regulatory Commission, (NUPRC), said this at a pre-bid conference in Lagos on Monday. He said this year’s mini bid rounds, the first in the last 15 years, was expected to auction seven Deep Offshore blocks. Komolafe added that the mini bid round also covered an area of approximately 6,700 km2 in water depths of 1,150m to 3,100m. He said the exercise was expected to be a huge success for Nigeria and a big step towards growing the nation’s oil and gas reserves through aggressive exploration and development efforts. He said the exercise would also boost production, expand opportunities for gas utilisation and development. According to him, the bid round will strengthen energy security and economy, providing the opportunity to gainfully engage the pool of competent companies in the oil and gas sector. He said this would result in employment opportunities, enabling transfer of technology, valorising petroleum assets in the Nigerian Territory and attract investments. He added: “In addition, the Mini Bid Round presents us with the opportunity to reinforce Nigeria’s commitment to openness and transparency in line with the principles of the Extractive Industry Transparency Initiative (EITI).” He assured that the process would be fair, transparent, and competitive in line with best practices. He added that it would attract competent investors from across the world, both local and foreign, that had the capability and competence in operating in deep water environment. Komolafe advised that all awardees must be duly registered in Nigeria under the Companies and Allied Matters Act (CAMA), stressing that all applicants could participate either as an individual company, or as a consortium. He said: “The process will pay the requisite attention to strategies, processes and implementable plans consistent with net zero carbon emission targets, eliminating gas flares as well as overall Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) considerations. READ ALSO: Nigeria records 42 new cases of COVID-19 “The oil and gas industry in Nigeria has embraced the reality of energy transition and is taking strategic position to leverage on the opportunities presented by the unfolding era. “We have taken deliberate steps in this regard including the recent issuance of guidelines for management of fugitive methane and greenhouse gas emissions in the upstream oil and gas operations in Nigeria. “However, it is worthy to recognise that recent events around the globe indicate that fossil fuels will continue to be a core part of the global energy mix well into the future.” The federal government has scheduled to hold a mini-bid round for seven offshore blocks next year. The exercise, which is the first after the passage of the Petroleum Industry Act(PIA), is expected to spur new exploration. The last mini-bid round held in April 2007 under the old regulatory regime offered… In "Business" By Joy Obakeye The Nigerian Upstream Petroleum Regulatory Commission (NUPRC), has announced the Mini-Bid Round 2022 for new crude oil exploration and drilling activities in the offshore blocs. The Commission said the Mini-Bid Round is an opportunity to spur new exploration and drilling activities in the prospective deep waters offshore… In "Business" The Nigerian Upstream Petroleum Regulatory Commission (NUPRC) says the activities of the defunct Petroleum Equalisation Fund (PEF) do not fall under the operational purview of the commission. Mr Gbenga Komolafe, the Chief Executive Officer, NUPRC, made the clarification in a statement issued on Friday in Lagos. Komolafe said the commission… In "News"