The Federal Ministry of Health (FMoH) has said it will screen passengers coming into the country, using Rapid Diagnostic Test (RTD). Dr Geoffrey Okatubo, Director, Port Health Services, said this on Monday in Abuja, during the Ministerial bi-weekly meeting on the update of COVID-19 response and developments in the country’s health sector. Okatubo said positive cases would be quarantined and all negative cases would be monitored. He said the federal government was undertaking other measures as well to keep the coronavirus situation under control. “COVID-19 self-tests (RTD) will be handed out at all our international airports, land and sea borders, while travellers will also be informed on the importance of measures that they can take to prevent being infected,” he said. He acknowledged that some people had experienced difficulties with the travel portal, noting that the health declaration certificate could also be filled out on arrival. READ ALSO: I will retire Atiku, Tinubu from politics – Obi He said the health certificate form was also available at the country’s land borders, and that it was compulsory. “The health declaration is being done by the Port Health officers at the border,” he said. He said completing the health declaration was good for the country if the citizens understood the advantages, part of which he said was to protect everyone, and was also an international health regulation. The Federal Government has commenced the enforcement of mandatory vaccination against COVID-19 at the Federal Secretariat. As early as 7:00 am on Wednesday, security men manned the main entrance to the Federal Secretariat where they demanded either a vaccination card or evidence of negative PCR test before allowing the civil… In "Health" The Chairman/ Chief Executive Officer of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency, Brig-General Mohamed Buba Marwa (rtd), says operatives of the NDLEA have on several occasions apprehend politicians in possession of illegal drugs. General Marwa who stated this while appearing as a guest on Channels Television’s Hard Copy on Friday,… In "Headlines" The Minister of Defence, Maj Gen Bashir Salihi Magashi (rtd), has heaped praises on former Chief of Army Staff, Lt Gen Tukur Buratai (rtd) for his contributions to the Armed Forces. Magashi said not only did the Ambassador to the Benin Republic contributed immensely to the peace and security of… In "News"