By Andrew Orolua The Federal High Court sitting in Abuja has dismissed a Peoples Democratic Party (PDP)’ suit seeking the disqualification of Sen. Bola Tinubu, the presidential candidate of All Progressives Congress (APC), and his vice, Mr Kassim Shettima, from next month general elections. PDP had in the legal action prayed that Mr Shettima’s nomination as Tinubu running mate was in breach of the provisions of Sections 29(1), 33, 35 and 84{1)}(2)} of the Electoral Act, 2022 (as amended). Delivering judgment, Justice Inyang Ekwo, dismissed the suit on the ground that the PDP lacked locus standi to institute the suit. Justice Ekwo held that the case was caught by the principle of issue estoppel and described the suit as an abuse of court process. The PDP, had in its originating summons marked: FHC/ABJ/CS/1734/2022, filed the action on July 28, 2022 against the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), APC, Tinubu and Shettima as 1st to 4th defendants respectively. In it, the party challenged the validity of Sen. Tinubu to contest for this year year (2023) presidential election as APC candidate on the ground that Mr Shettima’s nomination as his running mate was in breach of the provisions of Sections 29(1), 33, 35 and 84{1)}(2)} of the Electoral Act, 2022 (as amended). It argued that Shettima’s nomination to contest the position of vice president and Borno Central Senatorial seat contravened the law. The PDP, which sought an order disqualifying the APC, Tinubu and Shettima from contesting the presidential election scheduled for Feb. 25, also sought an order nullifying their candidacy. It further sought an order compelling INEC to remove their names from its list of nominated or sponsored candidates eligible to contest the poll. But the defendants, in their preliminary objection filed by Lateef Fagbemi, SAN, that was argued by Thomas Ojo, urged the court to dismiss the suit for want of jurisdiction. They argued that the plaintiff (PDP) lacked the locus standi (legal right) to file the case, which invariably was challenging the political party’s decision and its nomination of candidates for the polls. They further submitted that such act was an internal affairs of APC which they argued was non-justiciable. Delivering the judgment, Justice Ekwo agreed with the defendants that the PDP had no locus standi to file the matter. According to him, where there is no locus, the court has no jurisdiction. He said the court found that the action was incompetent for lack of locus standi. Ekwo held that the matter bordered on the internal affairs of the APC in which the PDP lacked locus to file the case. On argument about non-disclosure of cause of action against the respondents, the judge said that there was a nexus between locus standi and a cause of action. He, therefore, said that since the PDP had no locus standi, it also did not have any cause of action against the defendants. Justice Ekwo also agreed with the defendants that the suit was an abuse of court process. READ ALSO: Supreme court dethrones Obong of Calabar “It is express in the provision of Section 29 (5) of the Electoral Act, 2022 that the right of action on the matter for which the applicant/respondent (PDP) has filed this action is given to ‘any aspirant who participated in the primaries of his political party’,” he said. The judge said that it had been established that the PDP was not an aspirant of the APC. “Therefore, there is no iota of law which support this action. It is on this ground that I find that this case is an abuse of process and I so hold,” he held and dismissed the suit for constituting an abuse of court process. By Andrew Orolua Justice Inyang Ekwo of a Federal High Court, Abuja on Thursday, fixed December 1 for judgment in the suit challenging the nomination of Oladipupo Adebutu as candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for the Ogun State governorship election slated for March 11, 2023. Justice Ekwo fixed… In "Politics" ANDREW OROLUA, ABUJA. The Federal High Court in Abuja will on February 21’ next year make a legal pronouncement whether or not former Vice President Atiku Abubakar is a Nigeria citizen entitled to contest the post of President of Federal Republic of Nigeria. The Court will deliver judgment in a… In "News" By Andrew Orolua A Federal High Court in Abuja has fixed May 24 for definite hearing in a suit instituted against President Muhammadu Buhari by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) on the controversial section 84 (11) and (12) of the Electoral Act 2022. Justice Inyang Edem Ekwo fixed the new… In "Headlines"