By Chukwuemeke Iwelunmo The Managing Director, Skyway Aviation Handling Company (SAHCO) Plc, Basil Agboarumi, has called on the Federal Government of Nigeria to grant duty waiver on operational equipment for ground handling companies operating in the nation’s airports. Agboarumi made the call when the leadership of the Capital Market Correspondents Association of Nigeria (CAMCAN) paid him a courtesy visit in Lagos recently. He noted that the waiver would go a long way in ameliorating the harsh economic conditions companies in the aviation industry are facing. Agboarumi said what the company pays to clear its equipment at the port is humongous, adding that the equipment are only used when an aircraft comes in. In his words, “We felt that no matter what the government is doing for the airlines, ground handling should be included to benefit from it too. “We believe that what should be done is that the same kind of waivers that the airlines are enjoying should also be extended to us to make life easier for us. “The authorities should encourage us the same way they are doing for airline operators, we are in the same industry and without us, the airlines cannot go into the sky. READ ALSO: Family Peace Cooperative Society Unveiled In Abuja “Government gives waiver to the airlines on spare parts and other things, we want them to give the same thing to us for our equipment. With waivers on clearing spare parts, it will do a lot for us”. He decried the situation whereby the company provides its own infrastructure to stay in business. “We have generators that supply our electricity and we have cold room for pharmaceutical products. We have to be on power for 24 hours,” he said. Agboarumi added that listing on the Nigerian stock market has helped in tailoring the company to do business in line with international best practices. “Our company’s priority is to continue to be disciplined in terms of the way we do our businesses, continue to strive to ensure that we meet the expectations of our shareholders and also ensure a good business relationship with our customers. “Our expectation is to ensure continuous growth in the bottom line of the business, we will ensure to work in line with best practices in the aviation industry. Get the kind of investment that will ensure we continue to contribute our quota to the nation’s economy”, he said. By Chukwuemeke Iwelunmo Skyway Aviation Handling Company PLC (SAHCO) has won the best Ground Handling Award in Africa at the Aviators Africa Conference and Tower Awards 2022 held at the Protea Wanderers Hotel in Johannesburg, South Africa. The award was presented at the fourth edition of the Aviators Africa Conference… In "News" By Chukwuemeke Iwelunmo In recent times, incidents of ramp collusion between aircraft and handling companies’ machines have been on the increase, raising concerns about issues of safety and security at ramps. All over the world, aviation has standards to be met by contracting states as regulated by the International Civil… In "Aviation" …as banks get guidelines to sell their 60% shares in DisCos to new investors By Ukpono Ukpong In a bid to provide succour and ensure the payment of the entitlements of ex-workers of aviation ground handling service provider - Skyway Aviation Handling Company Plc (SAHCO), the National Council on Privatization… In "Headlines"