Nigerian Agip Exploration, a subsidiary of the Italian Oil and Gas giant, Eni, has awarded a short-term extension for the Abo FPSO. BW Offshore, which secured the job, will ensure the facility continues to carry out operations in the offshore field. The FPSO will work on the Abo field until 14 January 2023 to enable enough time to finalise terms for a further contract extension. This FPSO has been working on the Abo field with Eni’s Agip since the beginning of production in 2003, while the previous extension, which was secured in January 2022, expired at the end of the fourth quarter of 2022. Located in the OML 125 license some 40 kilometres off the Nigerian coast on the western edge of the Niger Delta, at a water depth of 550 to 1,100 metres, the Abo field covers an area of 1,983 km² (490,010 acres). It contains light sweet crude oil. The licence includes three fields, namely; Abo, Abo North and Okodo and has eight producing wells, two water injectors and two gas injectors. READ ALSO: REVEALED: 20 Surprising foods that weaken your immune These wells are tied back to the Abo FPSO. Agip is the operator with 85 per cent working interest, while Oando Energy Resources holds the remaining 15 per cent. Previously owned by Prosafe, the Abo FPSO was converted in 2002 from a 1976-built single-hull Suezmax tanker Grey Warrior into an FPSO by Singapore’s Keppel Shipyard. With a storage capacity of 930,000 barrels of oil, the Abo FPSO has an oil treatment capacity of up to 45,000 bopd, a water injection capacity of 30,000 bopd and a gas compression capacity of 48,4 mmscfd. *As Lawan seeks economic ties between Nigeria, Turkey, S/Korea Motolani Oseni, Lagos The Senate has urged the Nigerian Agip Oil Company Limited to accelerate environmental action on remediating the Ogboinbiri community affected by the crude oil spill in Southern Ijaw Local Government Area of Bayelsa State within the next ninety… In "News" A former Senior Immigration officer, who's now UN-SDG Ambassador and Global Vice Chairman, Advocacy for Good Governance & Social Justice Network, Amb. (Dr) Hussaini H. Coomassie, has congratulated CGI Isah Jere Idris on his tenure extension for another one year. Mr Jere who has been on acting capacity was reconsidered… In "News" Gunmen, suspected to be sea pirates, in the early hours of Sunday attacked two oil installations, killing three and abducting seven oil workers in Bayelsa. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) learnt that the pirates ambushed their unsuspecting victims in Okoroma and Ogbokiri-Akassa communities of Nembe and Brass Local Government… In "News"