.Says 2023 elections is a fight to finish Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike has hinted that talks with his political allies in the G5 on the preferred presidential candidate to support in the February 25 election will soon be concluded. Wike spoke on Tuesday during a rally of the Rivers State Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the Ikwerre Local Government Area of the state. READ ALSO: Max Air appoints new CEO The governor maintained that the people of the state know their political bearings and will not play second fiddle concerning the general election slated for February 25 and March 11 2023. “Now, it is one man, one vote. All the votes must be in one basket from governorship to House of Assembly. The other one we are concluding. When we conclude, you will be told,” he told the party supporters at the event. “Nobody should intimidate you. Nobody should tell you any story. We are free born of this country. We are not second-class citizens. Nobody can tell us anything. I dare them. Let anybody do any funny thing, We’ll tell them we are from Rivers State.” The governor also said the 2023 elections is a fight to finish. He said: “This election we are going for is a fight to finish and we are very ready. We are waiting for those strangers, those people who can sell their state for a pot of porridge, we are waiting for them to come back. Do they have anything to offer?” he asked his supporters who chorused a loud, “No”. .As Obasanjo endorsement dey sweet us, na pain e dey pain dem- says LP .If your principal can’t recommend you, then, there’s something fundamentally wrong, Wike taunts Atiku .Melaye replies Wike, accuses Rivers gov of disrespect, unwarranted insult on ex VP BY AJUWON TOSIN, Akure and Benjamin Omoike The Presidential… In "Headlines" …..remember the disgraceful fall of Biblical Pharoah and Nebuchadnezzar should be a lesson to you- Wosi ByTom Garba, Yola A People's Democratic Party, PDP, stalwart in Adamawa State, Mr. Mark Wosi blasted the Governor of Rivers State, Nyenson Wike by warning him to tread with caution over his pride attitude… In "Politics" Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State says he and his allies are open to reconciliation with the leadership of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). Wike and his allies have been at loggerheads with the party after the Rivers leader lost the PDP presidential primary to Atiku Abubakar. They are demanding… In "Politics"