By Doosuur Iwambe The Federal Government has proposed to spend over N30 billion on the installation of Acoustal Sensing Security surveillance system for the Abuja (IDU)-Kaduna railway, including other items in the 2023 budget. Other items include completion of the Abuja-Kaduna railway; completion of the Lagos-Ibadan and its associated additional works; rehabilitation of Itakpe-Ajaokuta rail line and construction of 12 Nos station building and tracks laying works at railway ancillary facilities area Agbor, among others. The figure which is part of the Federal Government’s executive proposal in the 2023 Appropriation Bill also earmarked over N126.53 billion for the parent Ministry of Transport. Of the figure, the Ministry of Transport headquarters gets N93.66 billion; Nigerian Railway Corporation, NRC, gets N20.45 billion; National Inland Waterways Authority, NIWA, gets N5.39 billion. Others are National Institute of Transportation, NIT, which gets N4.69; Maritime Academy, Oron, receives N1.55 billion, while Council for the Regulation of Freight Forwarding in Nigeria gets N775 million. READ ALSO: Protest rocks Abuja over CBN Gov, demanded his Sack Also, the Federal Government has proposed to spend a total of N4.31 billion of its N126.53 billion budget on purchase of trains, under the line items, code: 23010111, while N100 billion would be expended on facilitating the Mass Transit scheme. Procurement and rehabilitation of rolling stock (Narrow Gauge), and rehabilitation of narrow gauge track from Minna to Narrow with extension to the Baro River Port, which are ongoing, would gulp N2.98 billion. Also, establishment and management of six national freight offices nationwide, which is ongoing gulps N100 million, while N10 million would be spent on education and construction of speed reduction signages using the International Road Assessment Program, CIRAP, with Federal Capital Territory Authority, FCTA. The Federal Government has also planned to spend N45 million on rehabilitation of central Air conditioner system, toilets and offices and leakages on the roof, and physical head count of staff of the ministry. Railway workers have suspended their three-day warning strike which was earlier declared to demand improved welfare. The workers announced the suspension on Friday, a day after they had commenced the strike and shut down passenger and cargo train services of the Nigerian Railway Corporation (NRC). In Abuja, the nation’s capital,… In "News" The Inspector-General of Police, IGP Usman Baba has ordered the deployment of armed personnel for the commencement of railway services along Abuja-Kaduna route from Monday, December 5th, 2022. This was contained in a statement on Sunday by the Force Public Relations Officer, Muyiwa Adejobi. The Nigerian Railway Corporation (NRC) had… In "News" By Temitope Adebayo The Federal Government has said it looking for alternative technology that will ensure maximum security to train passengers and boost train passengers’ confidence all over the country. The Minister of Transportation, Mr Muazu Sambo said this at the inspection of railway facilities in Lagos recently. Sambo said… In "News"