By Doosuur Iwambe The Vice-Chancellor of Lagos State University (LASU), Prof Ibiyemi Olatunji-Bello, has called on academic staff to ensure that the institution maintains its global ranking by publishing its research online in reputable journals and websites. She also urged the academics to enhance their visibility by hoisting their works on the university’s website to strengthen its profile as a research-focused institution. Olatunji-Bello, who said this recently at a new year inter-faith prayer programme, told them to eschew unwholesome practices and lukewarm attitudes that may affect the quality of service delivery and to be eager to provide relevant data to department or division when requested for ranking purposes. READ ALSO: Family Peace Cooperative Society Unveiled In Abuja She highlighted some of her administration’s achievements, including staff welfare. “Our scorecard bears us out on our commitment to the welfare of our staff. For instance, apart from a large number of staff who have been promoted, this administration has sent the highest number of staff to trainings in a single year than at any other time in the past.,” stated the LASU VC. Olatunji-Bello added, “In addition, we have fulfilled our promises on payment of the outstanding earned academic allowance, consistently remitted cooperative deductions and unfailingly paid salaries on or before the 23rd of every month. By Stephen Gbadamosi Oyo State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), has threatened to remove the deputy governor of the state, Engineer Rauf Aderemi Olaniyan, if he fails to resign voluntarily. The party made this disclosure on Monday. Olaniyan had on Sunday announced that he had left the ruling… In "Politics" Doosuur Iwambe, Abuja The National Universities Commission (NUC) has ranked the University of Ibadan (UI) first in its latest 2021 ranking. The ranking which was carried out using twelve indicators involved one hundred and thirteen (113) universities across the country. In a statement released by the commission on Monday, the… In "News" The National Assembly says the Data Protection Bill will be passed into law within 30 days of receiving it from the Federal Executive Council (FEC). The Chairman Senate Committee on Information Communication Technology (ICT) and Cybercrime, Yakubu Oseni, made the promise at a one-day sensitisation workshop on data protection organised… In "News"