By Chukwuemeke Iwelunmo In recent times, incidents of ramp collusion between aircraft and handling companies’ machines have been on the increase, raising concerns about issues of safety and security at ramps. All over the world, aviation has standards to be met by contracting states as regulated by the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) of which Nigeria is one. Apart from some parts of airport terminals, air sides, aprons among others are highly regarded as restricted areas. Personnel drafted to these areas are well trained master the procedures. Trained personnel in these areas are expected to be professionals as they are operating in a highly challenging security zones. But in the past few months, the issue of ground handling companies’ machines colliding with aircraft has been on the increase causing nightmares to stakeholders especially airline operators. In the past one month, Air Peace has had three different incidents involving ground handling companies’ equipment and its aircraft on the ramp causing distortion in its flight operations and incurring debts for the airline. Following the incident, stakeholders have called on the handling companies, Skyway Aviation Handling Company and Nigerian Aviation Handling Company to critically examine their Safety Management System to see exactly the issues affecting their operations at ramps Mr Olumide Ohunayo, a renowned aviation professional, called for a comprehensive investigation to avoid future occurrence while the handling company’s insurance should be ready to pay compensation to Airpeace. READ ALSO: What I did when EFCC came after me for buying jet –. Ohunayo called for recurrent training of its personnel within the ramp areas to avoid future occurrence adding that with three incidents within a month showed that something is wrong somewhere He also advised that operating equipment in their fleet of the ground handlers should also be checked properly to ensure their optimal performance adding that it could be either human or mechanical fault According to Ohunayo, ground handing incidents and accidents across the globe has cost over $5 billion per annum showing how prevalent it was. By Chukwuemeke Iwelunmo The Nigerian Aviation Handling Company Plc (NAHCO) has suspended senior operations officials and are investigating others following Wednesdays ground incident. It will be recalled that the ground handling company ‘s equipment rammed an Air Peace Airbus A320 aircraft, at the Lagos Airport. A statement signed by Group… In "Aviation" By Chukwuemeke Iwelunmo Director General, Nigeria Civil Aviation Authority, NCAA, Capt. Musa Nuhu says, the aviation sector requires a large pool of sound young professionals in all areas and departments for safety and overall development Capt. Nuhu who stated this at the 6th Next Generation of Aviation Professionals Conference in… In "Business" By Chukwuemeke Iwelunmo Skyway Aviation Handling Company PLC (SAHCO) has won the best Ground Handling Award in Africa at the Aviators Africa Conference and Tower Awards 2022 held at the Protea Wanderers Hotel in Johannesburg, South Africa. The award was presented at the fourth edition of the Aviators Africa Conference… In "News"