‘Boy’ crooner, Zed1st has stirred the waters after he brags with a caption on one of his post on Instagram. Zed1st, whose real name is Akpo Aweroswoghene Godfirst, had captioned “It’s new year and she is still loving the boy.” With the caption that came under a romantic video with a girl, his fans have continued query if he is stylishly introducing her girl or just still promoting his current hit single, ‘Boy’. However, some were particular about him dropping a body of work after his trending single backed up with a scintillating visuals shot by the creative director, Olu the wave. Meanwhile, Zed1st seems ready to take his music higher this year as it has been gathered that he is currently working round the clock on new projects personally and with different artistes as against this year. It was also gathered that Zed1st, who had performed in a 5000 capacity facility, would again be embarking on tours this year and different stuffs have been kept in stock for his fans. The source, who claimed anonymity, boasted that with the way Zed1st has planned his calendar for the year, he seems unstoppable and ready to overtake. Lasgiidi is a talent that cannot be underrated in the Nigerian music industry. His music expertise and approach towards putting his craft into action are but enviable. Recently, the sophisticated singer boasted about the quality of his music, stating that his style of music is timeless because he is intentional… In "Entertainment" The woman whose husband killed their son and buried him with the help of his pastor has spoken out about her ordeal. 36-year-old Chidi Onyishi was arrested in Enugu State for allegedly killing his seven-year-old son named Chukwudalu for money rituals. His blind pastor, Okeke Eneokwor, was also arrested for… In "News" Abba Kyari, the suspended Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP) says his arrest and continued detention at the Kuje prison has emboldened criminals in their incessant onslaught against Nigeria. Kyari made the statement through his lawyer Nureini Jimoh, who prayed the Federal High Court in Abuja to review his bail application… In "News"