Management of Max Air Limited has approved the appointment of Alhaji Abubakar Dahiru Mangal as the new Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Company. The appointment of Alhaji Abubakar was confirmed over the weekend following the death of his Uncle Alhaji Bashir Barau Mangal who was the Vice Chairman CEO of Max Air.Until his new appointment as the Chief Executive Officer of the airline, Abubakar has been the Deputy Director of Finance of the Airline. Abubakar holds Bsc Economic from the American University of Nigeria Yola, MSc International Business Salford, Manchester United Kingdom, MBA Finance and Investment Bayero University Kano (BUK) and currently pursuing his Doctorate degree in business Administration at Apollos University in the United States of America (USA). The management of Max Air is optimistic that the new CEO will bring his wealth of experience in the Aviation Industry to boost the growth of the Company, focus on delivering exceptional customer service and expand the global reach of the airline. READ ALSO: Family Peace Cooperative Society Unveiled In Abuja “We look forward to Alhaji Abubakar’s leadership in driving the Airline’s growth and success” Max Air has been a leading Airline in Nigeria. Apart from dominating the domestic air operations in the country the airline also plays a very important role in annual hajj airlift by getting the highest number of seats of Nigerian pilgrims, similarly max air airlift pilgrims to Saudi Arabia from other West African Countries. Max Air, a global charter Airline was recently involved in the evacuation of Nigerians from Libya, Ukraine and other countries of the world. By Motolani Oseni Polaris announces new core investor, appoints Sonola as MD/CEO weekend announced the appointment of a new independent Board of Directors to lead the lender's growth strategy. The incoming board are; Alhaji MK Ahmad (Chairman); Mr Abubakar Danlami Suleiman (Non-Executive Director); Ms Salma Mohammed (Non-Executive Director); Mr Adeleke… In "Business" George Oko-Oboh, Executive Director of Heritage Bank Plc alongside six other Senior Management staff have been awarded honorary fellowship by the Chartered Institute of Bankers of Nigeria (CIBN). The other awardees who were invested as Fellows of the Chartered Institute of Bankers (FCIB) were the Divisional Head, Products Management &… In "News" The Board of Trustees of the Tony Elumelu Foundation, the leading philanthropy empowering young African entrepreneurs from all 54 African countries, has announced the appointment of Somachi Chris-Asoluka as Chief Executive Officer (CEO), following the retirement of current CEO, Ifeyinwa Ugochukwu. The appointment takes effect from March 1, 2023. Since… In "News"