The Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) on Thursday in Abuja updated President Muhammadu Buhari on the activities of the bank. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the CBN governor, who briefed the president, had earlier on Thursday morning attended a meeting between the president and the visiting Director General of the Arab Bank for Economic Development, Dr Sid Ould Tah, at the State House, Abuja. NAN reports that Emefiele’s visit to the Presidential Villa was the first since he resumed work at the CBN after his leave on Jan. 12, 2022. It was speculated that the CBN governor travelled out of the country amidst fears he would be apprehended by operatives of the Department of State Service (DSS) over several allegations against him, including terrorism financing. However, the DSS dismissed such allegations, including online reports that its operatives on Monday invaded the headquarters of the CBN and took over the office of the governor of the apex bank. READ ALSO: King David The Great: Making giant strides with NAN gathered that Emefiele, who did not speak to journalists after the closed door meeting with the president, briefed the president on the activities of the CBN since the introduction of the redesigned naira notes of two, five and one thousand denominations. The CBN governor is believed to have presidential backing on the Naira redesign and withdrawal limit policy introduced by the apex bank in December, 2022. Reports emerging on Friday, January 13, 2023, alleged why Governor of Kaduna State, Malam Nasir El-Rufai, and President Muhammadu Buhari’s nephew, Mamman Daura, and others were deploying every means to stop the Department of State Services (DSS) from arresting Central Bank of Nigeria Governor, Godwin Emefiele. It was gathered that… In "News" .As Apex Bank Governor resumes work By Andrew Orolua The Department of State Service, DSS, has refuted media report that its operatives invaded the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) and arrested its Governor, Godwin Emefiele, on Monday In a terse statement signed Dr. Peter Afunanya, the Department said that "… In "Headlines" Many youths are protesting at the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) headquarters in Abuja. They are calling for the resignation of CBN Governor, Godwin Emefiele, over what they described as his refusal to appear before security operatives for questioning. The placard-carrying protesters allege the CBN Governor is a threat to… In "Business"