Lagos-based singer, Ericdavibe is set to make a big impact in 2023, with a lot of work going on behind the scenes. The success of his song “All My Time” continues to be shared on social media platforms and streaming channels, and the new year promises to be even better for the rising star. He has announced plans for a number of projects in the coming year, including the release of his first extended play (EP) and collaborations with big-name artists. He is yet to make any such information available concerning the new EP which is expected to shut down critics. There is no name for the new project and the fans are eagerly waiting to get anything as the expectations continue to grow amongst fans. it is expected to be a five-track project and will likely feature top producers. READ ALSO: Nigeria Air: Court fixes Feb 13 to hear application In addition to working on his EP, he is also focused on getting more big collaborations to expand his reach and audience. He has aspirations of working with some of the biggest names in the industry and is determined to make 2023 the year he breaks into the big stages. Overall, fans of Ericdavibe can expect a lot of new music and exciting projects from the singer in the coming year as he continues to make a name for himself in the music industry. Doe Billz has informed fans and lovers of his music of his soon to be released collaborative EP. “I have been working in the studio and I have a lot of new music I can’t wait to share with my fans,” he posted on His Instagram page. Desmond Obianuju Enujeko… In "Entertainment" Nigerian American artist Agho Ekhator, stage name Agho has come a long way in his love for music, where he wrote his first song at 10 years old; the afro-fusion star is ready to bless our ears with his debut EP that will be out in the early months of… In "Entertainment" The Nigerian music industry has recently upgraded from what it used to be in the last two years. The industry has witnessed a new dimension as new young, talented hip hop act with energy and what it takes to make it to the top. They are focused, determined and bustling… In "Entertainment"