BY STEPHEN GBADAMOSI The Presidential Candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the February 25th election, Abubakar Atiku, has pledged to introduce reforms to enhance the status of traditional institutions in the country. Atiku, made this disclosure while speaking at the palace of the Olubadan of Ibadanand, Oba (Dr.) Lekan Balogun, on Thursday. Prominent PDP leaders who accompanied Atiku to the palace included the vice presidential candidate, Dr. Ifyanyi Okowa; PDP National Chairman, Iyorcha Ayu; his predecessor, Prince Uche Secondus; former Kogi State governor, Idris Wada, Prince Olagunsoye Oyinlola, Senator Dino Melaye and former governor Sule Lamido. Others were Hon.Ndudi Elumelu, Senator Abdul Ningi, former governors Boni Haruna and Lyel Imoke, Yakubu Dogara and Senator Philip Aduda. Atiku told the Olubadan that his government, when elected, would introduce reforms that will allow the traditional rulers perform their roles as expected. He admitted that Nigeria was currently facing issues like insecurity, but noted that traditional rulers have roles to play in maintaining peace and security in their domains, adding that such reforms, when introduced, would place traditional rulers in a position to ensure peace and security in their areas. “Let me assure you that the PDP government will bring some reforms to enhance the position of traditional rulers, to ensure that the traditional institutions play roles in ensuring security in the country. I remember that during the colonial regime, the traditional rulers played significant roles in ensuring security in their domains. READ ALSO: OPSH gets new commander, tasks officers on… “The PDP will introduce the reforms to ensure that traditional institutions take their rightful place. The government will dialogue with the people of various sections and areas in the country. These are the things we plan to introduce when we come to power,” he said. The Olubadan, who spoke through one of his high chiefs, Tajudeen Ajibola, advised Atiku to tackle insecurity in the country, while also calling for the creation of ‘Ibadan State.’ “The Kabiesi said that we need Ibadan State. The people of Ibadan, don’t you want Ibadan state? We do. We want you to fix security in the country,” High Chief Ajibola said. By Tunde Opalana Presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, has commenced a healing process in the party by paying visits to his opponents in last Saturday's presidential primary election. The former Vice President on Monday visited Rivers State Governor, Mr Nyeson Wike, former Senate President,… In "Headlines" By Stephen Gbadamosi Former vice president of Nigeria and candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in next year’s general election, Ahaji Atiku Abubakar, has said that the clamour for the resignation of the party’s national chairman, Dr. Iyorchia Ayu, by some members is achievable. He, however, maintained that such… In "Headlines" By Tunde Opalana The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Dr. Iyorchia Ayu has not resigned his position and he has no plan to do so because he was elected to spend four years in office. His Media Adviser, Simon Imobo- Tswam made the clarification in response to… In "Headlines"