Protesters, mainly youths, on Thursday, blocked the Lagos Benin Expressway at Oluku Junction to express their grievance about the rise in fuel prices and the scarcity of the product. Commuters, who were on their way to Lagos and those hoping to do business in the area, were stranded for long hours. The transporters also lamented the blockade, while also expressing dissatisfaction over the incident. A trader, Grace Emmanuel, who was taking her goods to Ekiadolor, said it was pertinent for her to take her perishable goods for sale to avoid losses. “It is unfortunate that this protesting is taking place because it will add to the existing problem. If I don’t get my goods to where I will sell them, some might get spoilt and I will incur losses, which I don’t want at this time. READ ALSO: Osun tribunal: Folarin hails judgment, congratulates “They are protesting for the right reasons. The fuel situation is hitting hard on everybody but blocking the roads will lead to losses to individuals who are going to do business,” she added. A driver, who gave his name as Osahon, said the protest had left most people stranded in the axis while calling on the government to look into the cause of the fuel crisis in the country. By Motolani Oseni Queues, this evening, resurfaced in filling stations across Lagos mainland and hinterland of Lagos State. Our correspondent who was on a fact findings around some filling stations along Agege, Abule-Egba, Ijaiye, Meiran, Kola, Fagba, Iyana-Ipaja and Ikeja area of the state, discovered that most of the filling… In "News" The Federal Controller of Works in Lagos, Mr Olukayode Popoola, says his ministry is fine tuning modalities for Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) to mobilize funding for the Badagry Expressway project. Popoola told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Wednesday in Lagos that the highway would henceforth get lots… In "News" The Minister of Works and Housing, Babatunde Fashola says the Lagos-Ibadan expressway is suffering delay because of the drainage channel being constructed across the road by the Oyo State Government in its Ibadan axis. The minister disclosed this on Wednesday in Abuja at the inaugural edition of the President Muhammadu… In "Headlines"