Former Big Brother Naija (BBNaija) season seven housemate, Adekunle has been robbed by a fan in Lagos. According to the reality star, via the microblogging platform, Twitter, the suspect who snatched his phone, had walked up to him at an event in the guise of being a fan. The twenty-seven-year-old said after he was done taking photos and hugging the fan, said he realized his phone had gone missing. He further solicited help on ways to retrieve the gadget from the thief. He said: “Hi guys. So my phone got stolen around 2am at an event at Landmark Beach. A thief pretending to be a fan asked for pictures, hugged me, played a fast one on me and disappeared into the crowd. READ ALSO: Naira weakens as reserves stable at $3.45bn “As at 6am this morning, the first known location of the phone was at Bamgbose Street. “Further probe showed that the phone was then moved towards Arolaya, the gadget selling area of Lagos Island. “Currently, the phone is being tracked and on Lost Mode. Almost useless to the thief. It’s a black iPhone and my picture is the wallpaper. “If you’re around Lagos Island, and/or you have any information about how to get the phone back or if you can help in anyway, it will be highly appreciated.” Sammie Faze’s last release was in 2021, the single ‘Do Me Jeje’ featuring former big brother housemate ‘TrikyTee’. Since then he has been keeping a low profile working on his sophomore EP which is still untitled. He recently announced that he is going to release a brand new single in… In "News" Bandit terrorists have kidnapped eight persons including the son of the district head of Zip town, Alhaji Uba, Naija News learned. The victims were kidnapped during an invasion of Illela Village in Karim Lamido Local Government Area of Taraba State at about 4:00 pm on Thursday. The gunmen, numbering over… In "News" BY BENJAMIN OMOIKE The Lagos State Government said it is considering a total ban of commercial motorcycles in all local government areas of the state. Commissioner for Information and Strategy, Mr Gbenga Omotoso, made this known at a stakeholders’ forum organised to review the ban on commercial motorcycles in parts… In "News"