BY BENJAMIN OMOIKE Lagos State Governor, Mr. Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has condemned the “shocking video” trending, where a group of thugs were seen shooting in broad daylight in Surulere area of the state, and has consequently withdrawn from participating at the programme tagged: “The Platform Governorship Debate” holding on January 29, 2023. The programme is being packaged by Pastor Poju Oyemade of the Covenant Christian Church family, to feature governorship candidates contesting the 2023 election in the state. Governor Sanwo-Olu made this known in a statement titled: “Lagos will never condone violence,” copy of which was made available to newsmen by the State Commissioner for Information and Strategy, Mr. Gbenga Omotoso. The governor condemned the savagery, which he said had portrayed Lagos State, regarded as the safest in Nigeria, in a bad light, declaring that “we will henceforth shun any forum that may require us being together with PDP and its agents of violence.” According to him, the decision followed advice from competent sources, including elders and respectable Lagosians, but quickly affirmed that he “holds Pastor Poju Oyemade and the Covenant Christian Church family in high esteem and cherishes future opportunities to engage the congregation and render accounts of his stewardship to them as integral parts of the Lagos electorate.” “We will never be found in the company of those to whom the lives of innocent Lagosians mean nothing. Mr Sanwo-Olu won’t share a podium with them,” the statement said. Meanwhile, the Lagos State government said security agencies are investigating the said video, which has gone viral on the social media, expressing the belief that “they will fish out and prosecute the evil actors, who are believed to be henchmen of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP).” Text of the statement reads: “The Lagos State Government has noted the flood of comments sparked by the shocking video of a group of thugs shooting in broad daylight in Surulere. “Security agencies are investigating the video, which has gone viral on the social media. We believe they will fish out and prosecute the evil actors, who are believed to be henchmen of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). READ ALSO: NAFDAC to implement pharmaceutical traceability to “We condemn this savagery that has portrayed our state, the safest in Nigeria, in a bad light. That is not who we are; we are civilized and cultured. “Following advice from competent sources, including elders and respectable Lagosians, we will henceforth shun any forum that may require us being together with PDP and its agents of violence. “Consequently, Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu regrets to announce that he will not be participating at The Platform Governorship Debate of January 29, 2023. The Governor holds Pastor Poju Oyemade and the Covenant Christian Church family in high esteem and cherishes future opportunities to engage the congregation and render accounts of his stewardship to them as integral parts of the Lagos electorate. “We will never be found in the company of those to whom the lives of innocent Lagosians mean nothing. Mr Sanwo-Olu won’t share a podium with them.” By Godwin Anyebe Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu has formally commenced his re-election campaign with the theme: "Greater Lagos Rising". Governor Sanwo-Olu and his deputy, Dr Kadri Obafemi Hamzat, are the gubernatorial candidate and running mate on the ticket of the All Progressives Congress (APC) for the March 11th 2023… In "Politics" BY BENJAMIN OMOIKE Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Saturday said the fact that Lagos State was not submerged by the flood that recently ravaged many parts of the country, despite the fact that the state is less than two metres above sea level was not a fluke, saying his… In "News" …Imota Rice Mill, Lekki Deep Seaport set for commissioning in January …Gov to hand over Oba Sekumade Rd, Ipakodo Rd, Eleko-Epe Highway By BENJAMIN OMOIKE Ikorodu Town Hall, on Tuesday, bubbled with political activities as the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), took its governorship campaign to the Lagos East Senatorial… In "Politics"