King David the Great was spotted in the studio with Grammy Award winning rapper Jadakiss; a member of the legendary group The Lox and a Roc Nation artist owned by Shawn Carter, also known as JAY Z. King David the Great, owner of RTMG Royalty Timeless Music Group, is known for a string of collaborations due to be released shortly. David Agboola, aka King David the Great, who has been on putting the final touches to his yet to be released extended play album (EP) in a recent media chat ,talks about connecting all his music with all walks of life, vary from Hip-Hop to Dancehall to Pop to Reggae and R&B e.t.c. The Afrobeats star, King David the Great, who is no stranger to the music industry disclosed, “Afrobeats is the new pop.” He said! He emphasized that the new genre of sounds , Afrobeats will get bigger and bigger as long as it’s done properly. He continued by making references to the success of the likes of Burna Boy, Wizkid, Stonebwoy, Davido, Rema, Oxlade, Tiwa Savage, etc. gaining international recognition and momentum with the new sound from West Africa. Following the success of his previously released Extended play album titled “Archives” EP, which is currently streaming across all music platforms worldwide; The notable Afrobeats international entertainer is scheduled to release another classical and evergreen EP soon. It is untitled yet, but it will see the light of day in March 2023; says King David the Great. Having released his much touted Extended Play - EP, fast rising Afrobeats and Afro fusion singer, Ejiro Utibe Segbuyota, popularly known as Dchessking, has been one of the talented artistes disturbing the underground music scene. He has hinted that he would be doing something bigger this year as regards his… In "Entertainment" US-based musician, Oretayo Fatokun otherwise known as Tystringz is reveling in his latest academic breakthrough after he graduating with a First Class Degree in Information Technology (IT) from Loyal University, Chicago. He scored a cumulative CGPA of 3.933 in his Master of Science (Msc) at the Chicago based institution. His… In "News" Fast rising Nigerian Afropop singer and songwriter, David Ayomide Akintola better known as ‘Davuchi’ is a good example of African flying the Nigerian color high; born in Lagos and raise New Delhi, the Topclass Entertainment superstar is sure one of artist to be on the lookout for. In this interview,… In "News"