American songwriter and Micheal Jackson’s former wife, Lisa Marie-Presley, dies at age 54. It was gathered that Lisa, who is the only child of the late Elvis Presley, died on Thursday after she was rushed to a hospital in California following a cardiac arrest. The mother of the deceased, Priscilla Presley confirmed the death in a statement while describing the death as devastating news. She also demanded that the family should be given privacy to deal with the profound loss. She wrote: “It is with a heavy heart that I must share the devastating news that my beautiful daughter Lisa Marie has left us. “She was the most passionate strong, and loving woman I have ever known. We ask for privacy as we try to deal with this profound loss. Thank you for the love and prayers. At this time there will be no further comment” In the 2000s, Lisa had her own albums available and performed live. On January 10, she was present for Austin Butler’s triumph for best actor in a drama for his role as her late father in Baz Luhrmann’s Elvis at the 2023 Golden Globes. READ ALSO: FRSC apprehend over 14,000 drivers in 2022 in C/River After Baz Luhrmann’s musical Elvis was released last year, Lisa Marie and Priscilla Presley began attending red-carpet occasions and award ceremonies with movie stars. Lisa Marie attended her father’s birth anniversary celebrations in Graceland, an American home where Elvis resided, and passed away, just days before she died unexpectedly. Elvis lost his life in August 1977, while Lisa was just nine. The chairman of Lagos State Parks and Management Committee, Musiliu Akinsanya, popular as MC Oluomo, has expressed grief over losing his beloved sister, Alhaja Kibitiu Adunni Akinsanya. MC Oluomo broke the news on his Instagram on Thursday. He described her death as the rudest shock ever, saying he is still… In "News" Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar, has commiserated with Nigerian singer, David Adeleke, better known as Davido, over the demise of his son, Ifeanyi. Naija News had reported earlier that the singer’s son with Chioma Rowland, Ifeanyi drowned in a pool on Monday and eventually died. The disturbing… In "News" The Kogi State Governor, Alh. Yahaya Bello has described as "shocking and devastating", the death of the Vice President of Dangote Group, Sani Dangote who was a "boardroom genius that helped in growing Dangote Group to a global force". The Governor stated this in a statement he signed personally, expressing… In "News"