The spokesperson for the All Progressives Congress (APC) 2023 Presidential Campaign Council, Festus Keyamo has opened up on the reason the party’s presidential candidate, Bola Tinubu used the phrase ‘Emi Lo Kan.’ He explained that the phrase has been taken out of context and misconstrued by many. Naija News reports that Emi Lokan is a Yoruba phrase meaning it’s my turn. The phrase was popularised by the APC presidential candidate, Bola Tinubu in his June 2022 address in Abeokuta, Ogun State as he pushed for the party’s ticket then. Keyamo, while speaking during an interview on Channels Television’s Politics Today on Tuesday, said that Tinubu was not addressing Nigerians when he said it was his time to rule, rather he was speaking to the delegates. He opined that the use of the phrase was to let the delegates know the importance of having him as the party’s presidential candidate. Taking a swipe at former President Olusegun Obasanjo, the spokesman said that he is using ‘Emi Lo Kan’ to endorse the Labour Party (LP) presidential candidate, Peter Obi. READ ALSO: FG advised to tackle Jet A1 to avoid airlines collapse According to him, “We saw in Emi Lo Kan, he was not talking to Nigerians. He was speaking to APC delegates in Ogun State where he said ‘look, if you want to say those who have invested in this party, it is my turn,’” Keyamo stated. “Give me the chance to fly the flag of this party. Was he talking to Nigerians? He was not but yet they keep repeating it 1,000 times so that they will look as if he is talking to Nigerians and claiming some kind of moral high grounds. Obasanjo too was also using Emi Lo Kan in another sense. He was saying that it is the turn of some other people to produce the presidency and that is why he is endorsing somebody.” The All Progressives Congress (APC) Presidential Campaign Council (PCC) says it is delaying the take-off its Presidential Campaign for 2023 poll, to ensure that all necessary ingredients associated with such campaigns are captured. Mr Festus Keyamo, the spokesperson for the Presidential Campaign Council said this when he spoke with newsmen… In "Headlines" The National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Abdullahi Adamu, on Thursday, unveiled Governor Simon Lalong of Plateau State and Chairman of the Northern Governors’ Forum as the Director General of the party’s presidential campaign organisation. The National Chairman, who led the presidential candidate of the party Bola Tinubu… In "News" By Tunde Opalana The Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN) and Spokesperson of the All Progressives Congress (APC) Presidential Campaign Council, Festus Keyamo, on Sunday, clashed over the visit of some of members of the Pentecostal Bishops Forum of Northern Nigeria who met with Bola Tinubu, APC presidential candidate, on Friday.… In "Headlines"