Renowned Nigerian televangelist and founder of Salvation Ministries in Port Harcourt, Rivers state capital, Pastor David Ibiyeomie, has banned his followers from enjoying their marital rights as the church commences twenty-one-day fasting. Naija News understands that Pastor Ibiyeomie declared a 21-day fasting and prayer for the church last Sunday. In lieu of this, he ordered married couples in the church to avoid s3x until the end of the spiritual exercise. Speaking during the church’s Sunday thanksgiving service for the year 2023, Pastor Ibiyeomie told his congregation that physical intimacy would not be allowed during the period of fasting, stating that abstinence from s3x for only three weeks will not kill anyone. Giving Bible references to back his claims, the cleric read recommended 1 Corinthians 7:5 for the couples. The Bible scripture given by Pastor Ibiyeomi reads: “The wife’s body does not belong to her alone but also to her husband. In the same way, the husband’s body does not belong to him alone but also to his wife. Do not deprive each other except by mutual consent and for a time, so that you may devote yourselves to prayer, – 1 Corinthians 7:5”. READ ALSO: Naira weakens as reserves stable at $3.45bn Pastor Ibiyeomi charged couples who believe they can break their fasting with food and sexual affairs for the day to stir clear from it. According to him, such kind of mentality is associated with persons who wish to twist the Bible to gratify their fleshly lust. “Abstain from $ex this fasting season because I’ve heard people say, ‘My husband said that once e break since we eat food, we should eat this one too’! So, ah! I’ve heard it! As a pastor, they say please talk to my husband that we are fasting”, the cleric said. Pastor David Ibiyeomie of Salvation Ministry has cautioned Nigerians against voting the wrong political party in 2023. Ibiyeomie warned that the naira would hit to N5,000 per dollar if Nigerians vote the wrong political party or candidate in 2023. Addressing members of his church in Port Harcourt, the Rivers State… In "News" Pastor David Ibiyeomie of Salvation Ministry has asserted that there is currently a high rate of divorce across the globe due to couples’ ideology before they enter into marriage. Speaking during a sermon at the church’s headquarters in Port Harcourt, the renowned clergy said some persons go into marriage with… In "News" Pastor David Ibiyeomie of the Salvation Ministries, has decried the state of insecurity under the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari. Ibiyeomie lamented that the Buhari-led government has allowed cows to have more value than human lives. He disclosed this while addressing his members in Port Harcourt, the Rivers State capital,… In "News"