By Doosuur Iwambe Amid speculations surrounding the health stability of major contenders for the presidential office in Nigeria, former federal lawmaker, Shehu Sani, has renewed calls for medical tests on all the presidential candidates. Sani, who made the call via his Twitter handle on Thursday, challenged the Nigerian Medical Association (NMA) and the National Association of Nigeria Nurses and Midwives, (NANNM) on the process. The ex-lawmaker, who asked the results be made public, said the tests would dispel speculations around the health status of the candidates. He wrote: “The Nigerian Medical Association NMA and the Nurses Association NANNM, should invite all the Presidential candidates for a complete medical tests, and make the result public.This will settle the controversy over the health status of the contenders.” Reports emerged last week that the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) was scheduled to travel abroad for a medical check-up. Reacting to the development, the spokesman for Atiku-Okowa presidential campaign, Kola Ologbondiyan, dismissed the reports as untrue. Ologbondiyan demanded media focus on the All Progressives Congress’ presidential candidate, Bola Ahmed Tinubu, whom he alleged deserved more medical attention. By Ukpono Ukpong The Federal Government has pledged proactive measures to forestall strike by doctors and other health workers through the review of the CONMESS and CONHESS salary structures. The Minister of labour and Employment, Senator Chris Ngige made the commitment during a courtesy visit on him by the Nigeria… In "Headlines" Former Kaduna Central Senator, Shehu Sani has come out to allege that some governors of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) are working for both the presidential candidates of Labour Party (LP) Peter Obi and the All Progressives Congress (APC), Bola Tinubu. Naija News reports that Sani took to micro blogging… In "Politics" By Doosuur Iwambe The Lagos State Chapter of the Nigerian Medical Association, NMA has revealed that about 507 medical doctors practicing in the state have migrated to the United Kingdom in less than 24 months due to better conditions of service. The association’s Chairman, Dr. Benjamin Olowojebutu, disclosed this on… In "News"