BY BENJAMIN OMOIKE Nine passengers have been confirmed killed as a 40ft container landed upon a mini commercial bus, popularly known as ‘korope’, crushing the bus and causing the fatality of colossal proportion. Operatives of the Lagos State Traffic Management Authority (LASTMA), on Sunday, who confirmed the incident, said their officials rescued one victim who was trapped inside the bus on Ojuelegba Bridge in Lagos. The accident, which occurred around 12:45pm, involved a 40ft container truck and a commercial bus (korope) with registration no KTU 921YG, which had nine passengers who died immediately. Preliminary investigation revealed that the 40ft container truck lost control while ascending the Ojuelegba Bridge and fell on the fully-loaded commercial bus while in motion on the bridge, directly opposite the Lagos Fire Service Station. The only passenger rescued by LASMA personnel was handed over to medical personnel (Emergency Responders), who came to the accident scene along with the LASMA officials. READ ALSO: NAFDAC to implement pharmaceutical traceability to Other emergency responders at the scene included the Lagos State Fire Service, LASEMA, Federal Road Safety Corps, among others. The General Manager of LASTMA, Mr Bolaji Oreagba, however, warned motorists, particularly commercial bus drivers to always be very careful while driving along with any trucks either on top of a bridge or on the expressway across the state. He, however, consoled with families of those passengers that died during the accident. .As road accident claims 10, injures 6 on Lagos-Ibadan Expressway The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) has confirmed seven persons dead and 29 injured in an incident that occurred during the annual Calabar Carnival on Tuesday. The Sector Commander of the Corps, Maikano Hassan confirmed the number of casualty to… In "News" BY BENJAMIN OMOIKE A 14-passenger commercial Mazda bus with registration number KJA 699 GY has been gutted by fire at Iyana-Oworo inward Third Mainland Bridge in Lagos on Sunday. The incident occurred as a result of recklessness and over-speeding by the driver, which resulted to the fire with 12 passengers… In "News" BY BENJAMIN OMOIKE Barely three days after the unfortunate boat accident around Ikorodu area of Lagos State leading to the death of two passengers, another boat accident occurred on Friday night around the Mile 2 area. Mrs Sarat Braimah, Lagos Area Manager, the National Inland Waterways Authority (NIWA), confirmed the… In "News"