BY STEPHEN GBADAMOSI Governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Oyo State, Senator Teslim Folarin, has hailed the judgment of the Election Petition Tribunal in Osun State affirming Alhaji Isiaka Gboyega Oyetola as the valid winner of the 2022 governorship elections in the state. The tribunal, chaired by Justice Tertse Kume, on Friday, sacked Osun State governor, Senator Ademola Adeleke. The majority judgment of two judges against one ordered that Certificate of Return should be withdrawn from Adeleke and issued to Oyetola. The tribunal sacked Adeleke for over-voting in some polling units across the state. “Having deducted the over-voting figure, Oyetola scored 314,921, while Adeleke garnered 290,266,” the judge said. The three-term lawmaker, in his reaction to the judgment, through his media aide, Y. S. O. Olaniyi, described the tribunal judgment as victory for justice, calling on all Osun APC members, supporters and, indeed, the people of the state to remain peaceful and not to react in the face of any provocation. READ ALSO: Oyelese advises Makinde again, says ‘your re-election… “The judgment is a triumph of truth and justice. Expectedly, the judiciary has lived up to expectations as the bastion of democracy and rule of law. “God’s will and the mandate of the good people of Osun State have finally been upheld by the election tribunal. Therefore, I congratulate His Excellency, Alhaji Isiaka Gboyega Oyetola, the APC family and the good people of Osun State over the ruling,” Folarin said. The Osun State Election Petition Tribunal has fixed Jan. 27 to deliver judgment in the petition challenging Gov. Ademola Adeleke’s victory in the July 16, 2022, governorship election The former governor of Osun, Alhaji Gboyega Oyetola of the All Progressives Congress (APC) had challenged the victory of Sen. Ademola Adeleke… In "News" Osun State Governor Senator Ademola Adeleke has urged his predecessor Gboyega Oyetola to stop listening to the “devil’s whispering” on a possible return to government, saying God doesn’t support “electoral banditry and deceit”. During a welcome prayer organised for him by All Progressives Congress (APC) leaders and supporters in the… In "Politics" By Stephen Gbadamosi, Ibadan The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Osun State has told its rival, the All Progressives Congress (APC) that the recent admission of some documents by the Governorship Election Petition Tribuna was of no value to the case. According to a statement by Mallam Olawale Rasheed, the… In "Politics"