By Andrew Orolua Human rights activist and President of Middle Belt Youth Forum, Meliga Godwin has slammed a N500m suit against the Department of State Services(DSS), following his arrest on January 8, 2023 and detention. The activist was arrested by the operatives of the DSS on January 8, 2023 over his alleged criticism of the agency. Meliga Godwin, had in a press conference he addressed on December 19,2022 condemned the agency for the planned arrest of the Governor of the Central Bank, Mr. Godwin Emefiele, particularly the DSS failed attempt to obtain an ex-parte application to enable it arrest and detained the CBN Governor over alleged terrorism charges. He had described the agency attempt as a hatchet job stating that the Service cannot justify and sustain the terrorism allegation charge against the CBN governor and that by its own action the Department had indirectly tagged the government as such. He was later arrested by the operatives of the DSS on January 8, 2023. However, in a motion for the enforcement of his fundamental rights with suit No: FCT/HC/CV/1034/2023, filed at High Court of the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja by his counsel, Mr. Chibuzo Ezike, the applicant is asking the court for his unconditional release by the DSS. READ ALSO: I will retire Atiku, Tinubu from politics – Obi According to Mr. Okere[S1] Kingdom who addressed Journalists in court, the applicant has been incommunicado since his arrest and detention. The applicant prayed the court to release him from detention and also make an order directing the DSS and its Director General to pay him the sum of N500m damages and public apology in two national dailies for illegal arrest and detention. He further prayed the court to declare his arrest and detention from January 8, 2023 till the time of filling the suit as a breach of his fundamental rights, unconstitutional and of no effect. .We’re not investigating Emefiele, says EFCC By Andrew Orolua The High Court of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), on Thursday, issued an order restraining the Department of State Security Service (DSS) and four others government establishments from arresting Governor of Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) Mr Godwin Emefiele. The Court… In "Headlines" Civil Society Organizations, CSOs, under the aegis of Coalition of Civil Society Organisation and Youth Group, CCSGYG, yesterday, in a massive protest in Abuja, warned the Department of State Security Service, DSS, against plot to arrest and detain the Central Bank of Nigeria’s Governor Godwin Emefiele over some trump-up charges… In "News" .As British MP flays attempt by DSS to frame CBN Gov for trumped up terrorism charge The Center for Financial Surveillance and Illicit Transaction Tracking Group (CSITT) has raised alarm of a looming consequences to the DSS unprovoked attack on the Central Bank Governor, Godwin Emefiele over the new withdrawal… In "Headlines"