*Says banks have enough new notes to meet demand By Temitope Adebayo The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has dismissed speculations over the inadequacy of the new notes in the Deposit Money Banks (DMBs), saying the banks have enough new notes to circulate across the nation ahead of the January 31 deadline when old notes will cease to be a legal tender. It clarified as well that it did not ban the banks from paying customers the new notes over the counter, pointing out that the directive to the banks to dispense new notes via Automated Teller Machines (ATM) was to complement over-the-counter transactions and increase the circulation of the redesigned notes. The apex bank had directed the banks to load their ATMs with only new notes to ensure that the currency circulates across the nation ahead of the January 31 deadline. And dismissing the speculation over the shot fall of the new notes in banks, the Director of Corporate Communication, CBN, Mr Osita Nwanisobi, said at the weekend that adequate plans have been made to increase the circulation of the new notes. He stated that speculations that the banks did not have enough new notes for circulation were false.Nwanisobi urged the general public to continue to use the old notes as they remain legal tender, adding that the new notes would be adequately circulated. He explained that the old notes are more prominent in the banking halls because they are still in circulation and remain legal tender, stressing that banks have an adequate supply of the required quota of new notes at the moment. Responding to the directive to the banks to load ATMs with the new notes, Nwasinobi explained that the directive didn’t categorically ban over-the-counter transactions but was issued as a persuasion to dispense via ATMs to increase circulation. “There is what we call moral suasion; we had a meeting with the banks and we all agreed that we can begin to put the new notes in the ATMs so that people would see and boost circulation. “Yes, you can say it is a directive. We keep reviewing and my worry is by next week when new notes are being paid across the counter people would say they are flaunting. “We had a meeting and we had moral suasion because people are complaining they are not seeing new notes. So, that also doesn’t mean that banks cannot pay over the counter. “The CBN is concerned about claims by Nigerians that they have not come in contact with new notes and we have directed the banks to ensure that they load their ATMs with new notes. This would ensure quick and wider circulation across Nigeria. I never said they shouldn’t pay across the counter,” he clarified. READ ALSO: What I did when EFCC came after me for buying jet –. Responding to complaints that the deposit money banks do not have access to new notes, he said: “That position is not entirely correct. We have enough supply in line with the intent for the period. The old notes remain a legal tender until January 31st so it would still be in circulation.” On the deadline, he stated that January 31 remains sacrosanct, adding that there are no indications that the date would be extended. “As far as I am concerned, nothing suggests that it cannot be met. For us, the 31st of January remains the date when old notes would cease to be legal tender in Nigeria.” *Says about N1trn current notes pulled back into the bank’s vaults *1.4million super agents across Nigeria to deepen cashless policy By Motolani Oseni Ahead of the December 15th, 2022 date set for Nigerians to have access to the newly redesigned Naira notes, the Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria… In "Business" *About N1trn current notes pulled back into the bank’s vaults *1.4million super agents across Nigeria to deepen cashless policy *As CBN may increase the cash withdrawal amount By Motolani Oseni Ahead of the December 15th, 2022 date set for Nigerians to have access to the newly redesigned Naira notes, the… In "Business" By Temitope Adebayo The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has directed banks to take down serial numbers of new Naira notes whenever it is withdrawn. Bank staff has said that they were instructed to write down all the serial numbers of the new Naira notes whenever customers make withdrawals. Banks… In "Business"