BY TITUS AKHIGBE Edo State Government says that only 20 persons were kidnapped in last Saturday’s train abduction saga, and not 32 as stated earlier. It said with the rescue of seven victims from the kidnappers’ den, only 13 persons are in custody of the abductors. The state Commissioner for Communication and Orientation, Hon. Chris Nekhihare, who stated this Wednesday, said the latest information was gotten from security intelligence. According to him, “From intelligence report, the kidnappers only took 20 hostages as against 32 initially reported.” Besides, the Edo State Government Spokesman, disclosed that in pursuant to this, the state Deputy Governor, Philip Shaibu, has met with Igueben community leaders, heads of security agencies to assure residents of measures to check crime. He quoted Shaibu as saying that the government is strengthening security to check crime and criminality, vowing that the Governor Godwin Obaseki-led administration will make the state unsafe for kidnappers and other criminal elements to thrive. He said the Deputy Governor was joined at the meeting by other top government officials, including the Senator representing Edo Central Senatorial District, Senator Clifford Ordia and the Speaker, Edo State House of Assembly, Marcus Onobun, where he called for calm among residents of Igueben LGA, urged members of the public to provide useful information that will aid rescue efforts by security agencies. READ ALSO: Protest rocks Abuja over CBN Gov, demanded his Sack He noted that Shaibu informed the people of what government is doing to boost the morale of troops on ground and also review the security strategy, warning the people of the consequences of harbouring terrorists in their domain, while telling the royal fathers within the area to sit up because if government found out that they let out their facilities to be used by the kidnappers, such facilities will be seized by government. BY TITUS AKHIGBE The Commissioner for Communication and Orientation in Edo State, Hon. Chris Nehikhare, has said six of the 30 kidnapped victims of the train station attack at Igueben last Saturday, have been rescued by security agencies in the state. Giving an update in a press conference in Benin… In "News" .Attack heightens unprecedented security breaches in Nigeria - Atiku By Titus Akhigbe, Benin and Tunde Opalana The Federal Government and Edo State government have described the kidnapping of train passengers at Tom Ikimi Train Station, Igueben in Edo as despicable and utterly barbaric. The Director of Press and Public Relations,… In "Headlines" Sen. Bola Tinubu, All Progressives Congress (APC) Presidential Candidate, says Nigeria will prevail over forces of darkness, adding that evil will not prevail over the country. He said this in a statement by his Media Officer, Mr Tunde Rahman while condemning Saturday’s Edo train station attack where 31 passengers were… In "Politics"