There was panic at the Nnamdi Azikiwe University (UNIZIK), Anambra State after the death of a 200-Level student identified simply as Daniel was killed by armed men who stormed the hostel on Sunday night, in the Laurel junction area of Ifite, a community dominated by students outside the campus. It was gathered that armed men entered the apartment of his female friend, where he was and demanded he hand over his phone. Daniel was reported to have hesitated before letting go, but pleaded with the assailants to allow him to take out his SIM card in which they refused. In the process of struggling to get his SIM card from them, the armed men pulled the trigger and the bullet penetrated his belly, causing him to drown in his blood. According to eyewitnesses, Daniel was rushed to Amaku Teaching Hospital where he gave up the ghost. READ ALSO: Naira weakens as reserves stable at $3.45bn Daniel, who was a student of Mathematics at the university is scheduled for an examination soon, and only just resumed school a few hours before the unfortunate incident. When contacted, the School Public Relations Officer, Chika, said she was not in the best position to speak on the issue, noting, “We are currently in a meeting over the security situation”. The State’s Police Spokesperson, Ikenga Tochukwu also berated the situation, but assured that the command was on the matter. He said, “This is unfortunate, I got this information from the SUG president last night. Police patrol has been on since then. I urge the witness of the incident to help us with information to investigate please”. Unknown gunmen have reportedly attacked Mbayatyo Mbater council world of Logo Local Government Area of Benue State during a wake-keep, killing an unspecified number of mourners. DAILY POST learnt that the incident which occurred Saturday morning, at the wake-keep of one Mama Sule Achin Adigi, left many dead while scores… In "News" By Stephen Gbadamosi The Oyo State Police Command has paraded a suspected kidnap kingpin who reportedly wrote a notification to one new generation bank and one private university in Oyo town, informing them of attempt to rob the bank and kidnap students of the institution for ransom. The state Commissioner… In "News" Benue State Governor Samuel Ortom has voiced great sorrow over the deaths of nearly 40 travelers in Sokoto State by armed people believed to be bandits. According to the Daily Post, people traveling from the state’s Sabon Birni Local Government Area to Sokoto Town were attacked by armed men who… In "News"