The Debt Management Office (DMO) on Monday announced as its first bonds issuance for 2023, two Federal Government of Nigeria (FGN) Savings Bonds for subscription. According to a statement by the DMO, one is a two-year FGN Savings Bond due in Jan. 11, 2025, at the interest rate of 9.600 per cent per annum. The other is a three-year FGN Savings Bond due in Jan 11, 2026, at the interest rate of 10.600 per cent per annum. The DMO said that the opening date would be Jan. 3, while the closing date would be Jan. 6, and settlement date, Jan. 11, while coupon payment dates would be April 11, July 11, Oct. 11and Jan. 11. “They are offered at N1,000 per unit subject to a minimum subscription of N5,000 and in multiples of N1,000 thereafter, subject to a maximum subscription of N50 million. READ ALSO: Jigawa APC suffers setback as Ex-Deputy Governor “Interest is payable quarterly while bullet repayment (principal sum) is on maturity,” it added. The DMO said that FGN Savings Bonds qualified as securities in which trustees could invest under the Trustee Investment Act. “They also qualify as government securities within the meaning of Company Income Tax Act (CITA) and Personal Income Tax Act (PITA) for tax exemption for pension funds. “They are listed on the Nigerian Stock Exchange Limited and qualify as liquid asset for liquidity ratio calculation for banks,” it said. It noted that the bonds were backed by the full faith and credit of the FGN and charged upon the general assets of the country. By Motolani Oseni The Federal Government of Nigeria through the Debt Management Office (DMO) has revised its calendar to borrow about N720 billion through some re-opened Federal Government of Nigeria (FGN) bonds issuance calendar for the third quarter of 2022. On 19 July, the office was scheduled to re-open a… In "Headlines" By Motolani Oseni Federal Government of Nigeria (FGN) bonds continued to attract investors, as the debt capital market was swayed by buying interests on mid-to-long-term instruments which offset selloffs at the front of the curve. This is even as the Pension Fund Administrators (PFAs) investment has spiked to about N9… In "Business" Nigeria’s total debt stock rose to N41.60 trillion in the first quarter of 2022 from N39.56 trillion as of December 2021, figures from the Debt Management Office (DMO) has revealed. This covers the total domestic and external debt of the federal and state governments, and the Federal Capital Territory, DailyTimes… In "Business"