By Ukpono Ukpong It was a night of glamour and style as Showmax premiered its latest original, The Real Housewives of Abuja, at the weekend in the nation’s capital. Hosted by Media Personality and Content Creator, Hawa Magaji, the event had in attendance diplomats and top executives across various sectors, as well as celebrities and influencers. Some of the guests in attendance included The South African High Commissioner to Nigeria, Thami Mseleku; ex-BBNaija housemate, Jackie B; entrepreneur and influencer Oby Ohakim; and actress Ivie Okujaye among others. The Real Housewives of Abuja which is set to debut on Showmax February 17, 2023, follows the luxurious lives of six influential women in Abuja – Arafa, Comfort Booth, OJ Posharella, Princess Jecoco, Samantha Homossany and Tutupie as they navigate their opulent lives, relationships, family and businesses in the powerful city of Abuja. READ ALSO: Northern governor hiding N22bn old naira notes – Buba Speaking at the premiere, Opeoluwa Filani, General Manager, Showmax Nigeria said, “We are thrilled to introduce our latest Showmax Original, The Real Housewives of Abuja, which is the second installment of NBC’s The Real Housewives Franchise in Nigeria. At Showmax, we pride ourselves on delivering the best entertainment to our viewers, and this show isn’t any different. The fans are definitely in for a treat and we cannot wait for everyone to see it.” The Producer of RHOAbuja and Creative Director of Delmedia Productions, Delmwa Deshi-Kura spoke on the work that was put into producing the show. According to her, “it took a village to make the Real Housewives of Abuja. In casting for the show, we ensured to put together the best cast that will deliver the drama and authenticity that this franchise has come to be known for, as well as bring their individual fabulousness into the show. And I daresay they delivered on all fronts.” By Tunde Opalana, Abuja A formidable step towards resolving crisis rocking the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) was taken yesterday as the two major actors at the centre of it, presidential candidate, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar and Rivers State governor, Nyesom Wike finally met in Abuja. The meeting has been overdue considering… In "Headlines" Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State, on Friday, said that his coming to Abuja reminded him of his defeat during the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP)’s presidential primary held on May 28 at Eagle Square. Wike made this known at a book launch in Abuja. The book, titled: “Flowing Justice: Selected… In "Headlines" ...Alleges Procurement Of Court Judgment Following the destruction of his property valued at N100million Cecil Osakwe the Chairman of Abeh Signature Ltd, owners of Abeh Signature apartments, a real estate development company based in Abuja has petitioned the Inspector General of police on the malicious damage of their property in… In "News"