By Doosuur Iwambe The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) has extended its 2023 UTME registration exercise by one week beginning from Wednesday February 15 to 22, 2023. In a statement, JAMBHead, Public Affairs and Protocol, Fabian Benjamin, explained that by the extension, the sale of ePINs would end on Monday February 20, 2023, while the UTME registration ends on Wednesday February 22, 2023. Recall that in line with the Board’s 2023 Schedule of Activities, as earlier released, the closing date for the sale of both the ePINs and the 2023 UTME application documents was slated for Tuesday, 14th February, 2023. The board announced last week Tuesday at theclose of the sale of ePINs that about 1,527,068 candidates succesfully registered for the 2023 UTME exercise alongside 168,748, who indicated their interest to take the Mock-UTME. It should also be noted that the Board, based on its projections, had expanded its capacity to register up to a hundred thousand candidates per day. With this, it was possible to register all desiring candidates within the space of a few days. However, less than fifty thousand candidates were turning up for registration which is less than the installed registration capacity. Surprisingly, in the last two days before the closing date, the pace picked up remarkably with over a hundred thousand candidates registering on a daily basis. READ ALSO: National Economic Council endorses Nigeria agenda 2050 Furthermore, the Board, as a responsive and proactive agency, took cognisance of the reports from across the country indicating some difficulties being faced by many Nigerians in using their electronic channels to purchase the ePINs or obtain cash readily within the stipulated period. It has, as a consequence, granted this extension to ensure that all candidates who desire to register for the 2023 UTME are given the opportunity to do so expecially when the extant challenges are not of their own making. By Doosuur Iwambe The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) has fixed major dates for its 2023 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME). The board in its weekly bulletin released on Tuesday approved the commencement of registration for the 2023 UTME from Saturday January 14 to Tuesday February 14, 2023. The… In "Education" *Says, there will be no extension after deadline By Doosuur Iwambe The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB), announced on Saturday that a total of 1.16 million candidates have so far registered for the 2023 Unified Tertiary Matriculations Examination (UTME). JAMB Registrar Professor Ishaq Oloyede who made this disclosure during… In "Education" By Doosuur Iwambe The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board JAMB, has said it will conduct a supplementary Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination for 67 candidates on Saturday, September 24, 2022. In a statement made available to journalists on Monday morning,JAMB’s Head, Public Affairs and Protocol, Dr. Fabian Benjamin,explained that the examination… In "News"