An Hausa singer, Naziru Ahmad, commonly called Sarkin Waka, on Saturday said he was offered N150 million and a car worth N80 million to dump the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Atiku Abubakar, for Bola Tinubu of the All Progressives Congress (APC) ahead of the February 25, 2023, presidential election. POLITICS NIGERIA reports that speaking on the Hausa Service of DW radio, which was monitored by this newspaper, Ahmad stated that he turned down the offer of the money and car to leave Atiku’s camp because he had the conviction that the former Vice-President was a better option for Nigeria. Ahmad had produced an anti-APC song, ‘APC Sai Mun Bata Wuta’, which is popular in the Northern region. “I was asked to leave Atiku for another candidate and be paid the sum of N150 million in addition to a car worth N80 million but I rejected it,” the musician said. READ ALSO: 35yr-old woman bags 21yrs imprisonment for luring four. “I rejected the offer because I know that Atiku will deliver good governance and save Nigeria from its current deplorable condition. “How will I support Tinubu who is not healthy and physically fit? Our religion also admonishes us to choose healthy persons as leaders for it is one of the qualities of a good leader.” .Says President avoided speaking for ex- Lagos Gov By Tunde Opalana The Atiku/Okowa Presidential Campaign Organisation said events that unfolded at the flagging -off of the All Progressives Congress (APC) governorship candidate in Yola, Adamawa State, Senator Aisha Dairu Ahmad (Binani) clearly showed that President Muhammadu Buhari has distanced himself… In "Headlines" By Tunde Opalana The Atiku/Okowa Presidential Campaign Organization has in strong terms told the Presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, to leave the party out of his manifest problems with President Muhammadu Buhari resulting in his continued attack and pouring of vitriolic on the… In "Politics" Bola Tinubu, the All Progressives Congress, APC, presidential candidate, has accused his counterpart from the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Atiku Abubakar of lying over his comment on Muslim-Muslim ticket. Tinubu said Atiku asked him to be his running mate in 2007 but he refused. Recall that Atiku had accused Tinubu… In "Politics"