By Tom Okpe Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, has said the Federal Government and the United Nations World Tourism Organization, (UNWTO) are currently working with some private sector players to establish a Tourism Academy in Lagos. The Minister disclosed this in Lagos on Friday at the graduation of the first set of trainees of the Terra Kulture-owned Terra Academy For the Arts, (TAFTA), saying the Academy will provide accessible vocational and managerial transformative training for the tourism and hospitality sector. According to Segun Adeyemi, Senior Assistance to the Minister on Media in a statement in Abuja on Friday said; “We are very keen to expand the opportunities available to our youths through training. “I am therefore happy to announce that we are currently working with the UNWTO and some private sector players to establish a Tourism Academy in Nigeria. “This initiative was launched and approved during the global conference on Tourism, Culture and the Creative Industry held in Lagos last November. “In recognition of our country’s giant strides in the Creative Industry, Nigeria was chosen as one of the two countries in Africa to host the Academy,” he said, adding that the UNWTO also plans to work with Nollywood to positively change Africa’s image. Alhaji Mohammed said the Tourism Academy will be complemented by organizations such as TAFTA to train Nigerian youths on how to be gainfully employed through their creative abilities. “With TAFTA targeting 65,000 youths between the ages of 16 and 35 for training in the next five years, I can say without equivocation that TAFTA is contributing its own quota – and it’s a huge quota – to efforts to solve the youth unemployment problem in Nigeria,” he said. The Minister commended the founder of TAFTA, Mrs. Bolanle Austen-Peters, whom he said has excelled in the Performing Arts and in movies and was involved in discovering, nurturing, exposing and projecting talent from Nigeria through Terra Kulture since 2003. He expressed delight that Mrs. Austen-Peters has now deemed it fit to establish TAFTA, an online academy set up to create a platform for indigent youths to learn technical skills in the areas of light design, sound design, animation and script writing, among others. Alhaji Mohammed expressed delight that Mrs. Austen-Peters, who is the Provost of TAFTA and Founder of Terra Kulture, has decided to extend her attainment of excellence in the performing arts and movie production to the training of youths to prepare them for gainful employment. READ ALSO: NLC: Atiku congratulates Ajaero, others “Those who watched that performance were so dazzled that they have continued to talk about it to this day,” he said. The Minister pledged partnership of the Federal Ministry of Information and Culture with TAFTA to extend the invaluable training of youths in the creative sector across the length and breadth of Nigeria, adding that when vacancies are available, TAFTA graduates can be recruited by some of the parastatals under the ministry, while the Academy can also help train some staff of the Ministry. By Ukpono Ukpong President Muhammadu Buhari has expressed the readiness of Nigeria to host the first ever Global Conference on Tourism, Culture and the Creative Industry in November this year, in a conducive environment. Speaking during a visit to the headquarters of the United Nations World Trade Organisation (UNWTO) in… In "News" BY IDONG INYANG, CALABAR The United Nations World Tourism Organisation (UNWTO), has granted Nigeria the rights to host the first-ever UNWTO Global Conference on ‘Linking Tourism, Culture and the Creative Industries'. The conference, which is scheduled to hold from 14th to 16th November, 2022, at the National Theatre Complex, Iganmu,… In "News" By Ukpono Ukpong Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has said that tourism is possibly the most profound unifier of all economic activity. He said that due to its vast components are local and home-grown and are more likely to be sustainable. Prof. Osinbajo stated this yesterday in Lagos, where he represented… In "News"