A Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, chieftain in Kagarko Local Government area of Kaduna State, Dr. Stephen Musa, has lamented the scarcity of fuel and new notes as major obstacles hindering the success of 2023 general elections. Speaking to newsmen in Kaduna, on Saturday, Musa, who said scarcity of new notes persisted in the state even as the Central Bank Governor had promised to make the notes available, noted with sadness that seven days to election, even voters could not access their money in the banks, not to talk of fuel to buy, convey them to their polling units across the state. According to him, bandits had displaced several voters, who are now far away from their polling units, and now have to fuel their cars, motorcycles or pay for transport to convey them to their respective polling units, but no fuel in the country. According to him, even if there is fuel, transport fare, or money to use in buying fuel is no longer there, as nobody can access his/her money in the bank because of scarcity of new notes. Dr. Musa appealed to the Central Bank Governor and the Federal Government to ensure enough fuel and new notes so that Nigerians can exercise their voting rights. “It’s important that as the election is one week away, there should be enough fuel, people should have money to buy foodstuff and use for transportation to the venue or pooling units. READ ALSO: ‘My mum accused my wife of ruining her birthday “Many people would be disenfranchised if they have no money for them to transport, no fuel to fill your tanks, Motorcycles.” He said. He said so many voters are now frustrated and tired of the happenings in the country, adding that many people want a change, but they were handicapped due to scarcity of fuel and new notes. By Haruna Salami The much talked about 2023 presidential election scheduled for February 25, being contested by 18 political parties is actually between two presidential candidates: Mr. Peter Obi of the Labour party (LP) and Bola Ahmed Tinubu of the All Progressive Congress (APC). This was the position of Senator… In "Politics" By Kingsley Chukwuka A Northern Clergy, Prophet Isa El-Buba of the Evangelical Bible Outreach Ministries International (EBOMI), has taken steps to fulfill the 40 million votes he promised to deliver to the Labour Party Presidential Candidate and his running mate, Mr. Peter Obi and Yusuf Datti Baba-Ahmed. El-Buba made the… In "Politics" INEC cancels elections in 240 PUs, expresses concerns over violence *IGP: Oduduwa agitators plotting to disrupt elections in SWMilitary insists exercise will be peaceful in SE, across NigeriaBuhari to Police: All eyes are on you By Tunde Opalana, Andrew Orolua, Ukpono Ukpong Election will not hold in 240 polling units… In "2023 Elections"