By Ukpono Ukpong President Muhammadu Buhari has called for a lifting of the blanket visa ban clamped down on Nigerians by the Government of the United Arab Emirates (UAE). The President canvassed this position on Monday during a telephone conversation with the President of the United Arab Emirates, Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed Al Nahyan, who doubles as the Emir of Abu Dhabi. President Buhari had called Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed Al Nahyan to condole with him on the death of his mother-in-law, Sheikha Maryam Al Falasi, during which important issues of mutual concern between the two countries came up. The President requested his UAE counterpart to review the blanket visa ban imposed on Nigerians intending to travel to the UAE, recalling that mutually beneficial excellent relations have subsisted between the two nations over many years, symbolized by robust economic interactions and regular consultations on matters of common interest, including engagements at the highest political levels. He noted that recent irritants in bilateral relations generated by consular issues relating to the behaviour of some Nigerians in the UAE are being ironed out, explaining that no country including Nigeria will condone criminalities and illegal behaviours. President Buhari therefore expressed the readiness of the Government of Nigeria to apply necessary sanctions through appropriate judicial process against anyone identified to have committed criminal acts in the UAE, urging that the issue be allowed to be handled by the relevant security/intelligence agencies of the two countries and to come up with lasting solutions to the problems associated with criminalities and illegalities. President Buhari also requested a resumption of the suspended operations of Emirates Airline in the country. READ ALSO: New Naira policy turn soar as pro- FG campaigners Recall that Emirates Airline had suspended its operations in Nigeria in 2022 in the wake of its inability to repatriate funds trapped in Nigeria. President Buhari assured the UAE leader that the issue of the Emirates funds was receiving appropriate attention alongside those of other foreign airlines operating in Nigeria, adding that the Central Bank of Nigeria had been directed to increase foreign exchange allocation to the airline. President Muhammadu Buhari will on Thursday jet out of Nigeria to meet the new President of the United Arab Emirates (UAE), His Highness Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed Al Nahyan, to convey his condolences on the death of the former president and Ruler of Abu Dhabi, His Highness, Sheikh Khalifa bin… In "News" President Muhammadu Buhari arrives the United Arab Emirates for the Dubai 2020 Expo on December 2, 2021. President Muhammadu Buhari has arrived in the United Arab Emirates where he would participate in the Dubai Expo 2020. The Personal Assistant to President Muhammadu Buhari on Broadcast Media, Buhari Sallau, disclosed this… In "News" President Muhammadu Buhari departs Abuja today Wednesday to attend EXPO 2020 Dubai in the United Arab Emirates (UAE). EXPO 2020 Dubai, with the theme, “Connecting Minds, Creating the Future”, creates the environment for Nigeria to join over 190 countries to forge true and meaningful partnerships “to build a better future… In "Headlines"