By Chukwuemeke Iwelunmo The Rector of International Aviation College (IAC), Ilorin, Capt. Yakubu Otakahi says the institution, which has produced majorly Pilots and Flight Dispatchers over the years, is looking to introduce Cabin Crew Training and Engineering Training courses. Otakahi said the institution, which in recent years, had a challenge of inability to graduate students because of the 2020 Covid19 problems and other issues has within the last four months, graduated students for Private Pilots License (PPL) and Commercial Pilots License (CPL). IAC has six instructors and six Diamond aircraft, three of which are unserviceable. Otakahi appealed to the federal government to grant subvention to the College in form of waivers such as waivers on spares to enable the school attain its objectives of training more aviation professionals. READ ALSO: Valentine Season: Polaris Bank excites existing Otakahi said IAC planed to build a N500 people capacity hall for conferences and events and called on individuals, private and public organizations to support this project which will be an additional revenue source for the college. By Chukwuemeke Iwelunmo All is not well in the foremost aviation training college in Africa, the Nigerian College of Aviation Technology (NCAT) Zaria, as the one time pride of Africa in the training of aviation personnel especially Pilots and Engineers, is now in shambles, investigations by The Daily Times has… In "Headlines" The Inspector-General of Police (I-G), Mr Usman Baba, has approved training for pilots and other Police Airwing Aircraft Maintenance Officers ahead of the 2023 general elections. The Force Public Relations Officer, CSP Olumuyiwa Adejobi, said this in a statement on Sunday in Abuja. Adejobi said that 17 officers would benefit… In "News" By Chukwuemeke Iwelunmo The Federal Government has said that it had committed the sum of $21m to acquire a Boeing 737 simulator to further build the capacity of pilots. The Minister of Aviation, Hadi Sirika, disclosed this while giving the scorecard of his ministry in Abuja, noting that the government… In "Aviation"