By Joy Obakeye The United Nations Development Programme(UNDP), First City Monument Bank (FCMB) and the Centre for Food and Research (CEFTER) of Benue State University have supported 25 early-stage Agritechs that were winners at the grand finale of the 2022 Agrohack Challenge held in Makurdi, Benue State, with funding. The selected Agritechs received varying amounts of funding to help them scale their businesses and develop innovative solutions that address challenges in the agriculture sector. The funding ranges from N600,000 to N2.4million. The startups will also receive access to business support services, incubation, and networking opportunities. Achesa, a startup raising the income of smallholder farmers through optimised yields, improved productivity and market access, emerged tops during the challenge and won the grand prize of N2.4 million. In addition to the N2.4 million, Achesa and 10 runner-ups will receive incubation support from Hub One, the tech startup accelerator of FCMB, for three months and access to workspace, market and networks to aid business growth. Cardinal Torch and eSusFarm were second and third runners-up. They got N1.9 million and N1.5 million, respectively, from the bank, while Farmsquare and Bionet also received N600,000 each from FCMB. READ ALSO: Finnish police release Ekpa hours after grilling 22 other winners were given N600,000 each by the United Nations Development Programme(UNDP) in Nigeria and the Centre for Food and Research. Congratulating the winners, the managing diirector of FCMB, Mrs Yemisi Edun, said: “as an institution fostering inclusive and sustainable growth in local communities across the country, we prioritise agriculture and are committed to supporting Agritechs to build innovative solutions that will address the challenges in the sector and drive economic growth. “We will continue to work with other stakeholders to improve agriculture and create a future of shared prosperity for Nigerians. We congratulate all the winners and look forward to working with them in their next growth phase.” Organised by FCMB, the UNDP and CEFTER, the Agrohack challenge crowdsources solutions to the challenges faced across Nigeria’s Agricultural value chain and bridges the funding gap. Joy Obakeye By ensuring the right blend of technology and people, First City Monument Bank Limited (FCMB) is creating a feeling of happiness and satisfaction for its customers across all service touchpoints as the world celebrates 2022 Customer Service Week themed, Celebrate Service. Between January and August 2022, about 95… In "Business" By Joy Obakeye First City Monument Bank (FCMB) has again uplifted and provided 30 recent graduates, aged 18 to 30, with the opportunity to acquire work experience through its annual Flexxtern internship programme. Outstanding participants get retained as full-time employees at the end of their three-month internship period. Initiated to… In "Business" …Ortom has no where to go, will come back to PDP - Ayu By Tunde Opalana Presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Alhaji Atiku Abubakar has promised that his administration will restore peace to Benue State if elected president come February 25, 2025. He promised to revisit his… In "Politics"