By Joy Obakeye The African Agricultural Technology Foundation (AATF) has restated its commitment to transforming farmers’ livelihoods through innovative agricultural technologies that will improve incomes, food, and nutrition security in Sub-Saharan Africa. AATF Director, Programme Development and Commercialization, Dr Emmanuel Okogbenin, restated the commitment during the training programme organised to equip seed companies with the necessary skills to undertake dry season cowpea production in Kaduna. Dr Okogbenin said that AATF will continue to promote agricultural innovation through public-private partnerships and advised the seed companies to take advantage of dry season production to complement wet season production which will ensure an adequate supply of PBR cowpea seed to farmers. He also noted that farmers have been educated on the benefits of the product and they are waiting anxiously for more certified PBR cowpea seed from seed companies. He expressed appreciation to Institute for Agricultural Research (IAR) for the collaboration which produced the PBR cowpea. Also speaking, Executive Director, IAR, Zaria, Prof. Ishiyaku Mohammed, commended the collaboration with AATF that led to the development and release of Nigeria’s first genetically modified crop. READ ALSO: Atiku, Emefiele, Okowa targeted Tinubu with Naira swap.. “Nigeria is now a reference point in areas of biotechnology products in Africa and we must continue to scale up production of this technology to make it available to farmers. The Pod Borer Resistant Cowpea is a classic example of how technology can provide solutions to one of the major challenges confronting cowpea farming,” he said. Prof. Mohammed noted that for many years plant breeders tried without success to find a solution to the ravaging attacks of Maruca but the “collaboration between AATF and IAR led to the development of this great technology.” He said, seed companies were pivotal to the commercialization of the PBR cowpea project and there is s need for constant capacity building. “The PBR cowpea is a huge success in the biotechnology space in Nigeria and more seed companies are eager to take up the product. There are testimonies from farmers in terms of high yield, resistance to pod borer, improved income because of planting the PBR cowpea.” He enjoined the participants to fully take advantage of the training which will build their capacity in PBR seed production. He also encouraged the participants to always contact AATF/IAR for further questions/clarifications. All the nine seed companies licensed to market the PBR cowpea attended the training which saw a presentation from Dr Seydou Traore, Regional Energy Advisor, United States African Development Foundation, amongst others. Philip Clement, Abuja The Director General of the National Biotechnology Development Agency, Prof. Abdullahi Mustapha has announced that Nigeria has recorded huge successes in some genetically modified crops in Nigeria. Speaking at the 5th Edition of the Open Forum for Agricultural Biotechnology (OFAB) media awards held in Abuja on Thursday,… In "News" By Joy Obakeye The Nigerian Association of Chambers of Commerce, Industry, Mines and Agriculture (NACCIMA) has encouraged women to intensify their efforts in promoting agricultural production through made-in-Nigeria products. The National President, of NACCIMA, Ide John Udeagbala disclosed this at a public forum to mark the 2022 edition of the… In "Business" By Temitope Adebayo Heritage Bank Plc in partnership with the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has set up plans to disburse a total sum of N41billion to farmers from 14 states for the expansion of the wheat production project. The Bank, however, will register the wheat farmers with the Lagos… In "News"