… Association to investigate allegations BY BENJAMIN OMOIKE The Christian Association of Nigeria, CAN, has distanced itself from a purported petition on the misappropriation of N2 Billion given by the presidential candidate of the Labour party, Mr Peter Obi to Churches under the umbrella of CAN. In a press release signed by Archbishop Daniel C. Okoh, President, Christian Association of Nigeria, and made available on Sunday, the Association restated that it remained apolitical and as such, had no preferred candidate in the forthcoming general election. The statement reads: The attention of the national leadership of Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) has been drawn to a purported letter currently in circulation on social media, alleging that a certain sum of N2bn was given by the presidential candidate of Labour party, Mr Peter Obi to Churches under the umbrella of CAN. “I use this medium to categorically state that the so-called letter of petition reportedly signed by one Pastor Frank Onwumere and addressed to my office is illogical and can best be described as a failed attempt to drag the apex Christian body into the politics of 2023. However, we will investigate the source of the letter in the interest of the public. “To set the records straight, I am not aware of any N2bn given to Churches in Nigeria to mobilise votes for any 2023 presidential candidate and never received the said petition dated December 22, 2022.” READ ALSO: Turkey issues arrest warrants for building contractors “Nigerians should note that CAN, as a faith-based entity, maintains its non-partisan stance and will not endorse or mobilise support for any candidate in the upcoming elections as against the social media post being circulated by some elements bent on soiling its name and image “CAN, therefore, urges members of the public to disregard the purported letter of petition as its content are not only untrue, but malicious. “We warn those peddling the falsehood to desist from such acts because they are capable of defaming innocent people and revered religious institutions as well as breaching public peace.” …..warns Church leaders on politics of sentiments as it will backfire with grievous effect By Tom Garba A former National President, Youth Wing of the Christian Association of Nigeria, (YOWICAN) and Co-Chairman of the Interfaith Coalition Conference, Daniel Kadzai, has slammed religious leaders, especially those on the Christian side, for… In "Politics" BY TOM OKPE The presidential candidate of the Labour Party, (LP), Peter Obi, and his running mate, Senator Yusuf Datti-Baba Ahmed, has reiterated their service to the nation, saying they are only but Patriots, seeking to serve fatherland. The Obi/Datti team was in Kaduna on Wednesday, but returned on Saturday… In "Politics" The three leading presidential candidates in the 25th February 2023 Nigerian presidential election, Messrs Peter Obi, Atiku Abubakar and Bola Tinubu, on Saturday, took their campaign ‘fight’ to Nigerians in the United States. The Correspondent of the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the support groups for Abubakar, Obi… In "Politics"