About a week ago, breakout Nigerian artist, songwriter, award-winning producer (Fireboy DML, Davido, Olamide), and multi-instrumentalist, Pheelz announced the release date of his upcoming sophomore EP, ‘PHEELZ GOOD’ with the release of a sensual and upbeat single, “Stand by You”. “Stand by You” is Pheelz’s first single of the year and sets the tone for his upcoming EP ‘PHEELZ GOOD’ due for release on February 10. He said ‘ I am excited to share this new music with the world, I poured my heart and soul into this song and I hope it will connect with people in a special way.” Pheelz continues to make waves throughout music and culture. Time and Rolling Stone notably touted “Finesse” [feat. BNXN] on its “Best Songs of 2022.” TIME asserts, “There’s a reason “Finesse” became a TikTok sensation in February: its chorus is one of the catchiest of the year, an unfiltered ray of sunshine.” Showing no signs of slowing down or stopping, he recently joined forces with French Montana on the hip-hop remix of “Finesse”. This year, the rising Afropop star is set to accelerate his meteoric rise through releases like “Stand by You” and Pheelz Good. READ ALSO: 2023: Sule assures residents of more dividends Here’s a look at what to expect from the ‘PHEELZ GOOD’ EP.‘PHEELZ GOOD’ Tracklist: 01. Ballin A satisfying tracklist featuring some of your favourite tunes! We have no doubts about the success of this project and we’re excited about what the future holds for Pheelz. So save the date! And let the countdown begin! Joy Obakeye Bianca Ojukwu, Women’s issues, politics, entertainment and sports were among the top searches and trending questions that grabbed the attention of Nigerian citizens in the past month. International women’s day (IWD) was marked on 8 March with corporate organisations, religious bodies, the government and members of the public… In "News" Josephina Otabor, known as Phyna, on Sunday emerged winner of the television reality show, Big Brother Naija, Season 7. This year’s season tagged “Level Up” saw 28 housemates compete for the grand prize worth N100 million. Phyna edged out the five other finalists Bryan, Bella, Adekunle, Chichi and Daniella to… In "BBNaija" Nigerian fast rising artist Confidence Nnaoma Okorie, popularly called Coblaze, is a Nigerian singer, songwriter, instrumentalist, and music producer, who hails from Abia State. The singer who secured a recording deal with PG Records in 2021, with Guchi, and went on to release ‘Come’, a self produced song. We spoke… In "Entertainment"