The Director of Strategic Communications for the Peoples Democratic Party Presidential Campaign Council (PDP PCC), Dele Momodu, has said he is not qualified to speak on the mental capacity of the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu. Speaking during an appearance on Arise Television’s Morning Show programme on Friday, Momodu said he is not a medical doctor or a psychiatrist that would diagnose the mental capacity of the former Governor of Lagos State. The PDP chieftain added that Nigerians should be the judge whether Tinubu is physically fit, and mentally alert to lead the country. He said, “I am not a medical doctor, I am not a psychiatrist, so I cannot speak to the mental ability or capacity of Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu and then also in the mood of the peace accord I am not supposed to have any bad words for anybody today. “I want to be remembered as one of the few people who ran a professional campaign, so let Nigerians themselves judge whether they think Tinubu is physically fit, mentally ok, let Nigerians be the judge. “I don’t want anybody to say it is Dele Momodu who said this, who said that. Nigerians have eyes. Nigerians have ears. They can see how unruly these APC characters have been, extremely unruly, abusing their own president. READ ALSO: Atiku Transformation Movement tasks Nigerians on… “I saw my big brother Adams Oshiomole climbing the roof of a vehicle in Edo State and abusing Buhari. I had never seen this Fuji house of commotion in politics before, where people, who used to worship the president just because they knew he is on his way out and the man who wanted to take power from him is the one who is leading this rebellion. “So I am not a doctor, but what they are doing to him doesn’t make sense.” .Wants President to sack Keyamo for using public office to intimidate govt agencies .Atiku unfit to be president, his men have lost their minds — APC By Tunde Opalana The Atiku/Okowa Campaign Organisation of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has asked President Muhammadu Buhari to, as the Commander in Chief… In "Headlines" By Tunde Opalana The Director of Strategic Communications of the Atiku/Okowa Presidential Campaign Council, Chief Dele Momodu yesterday took the vice presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Senator Kashim Shettima to the cleaners over criticism of alleged inability of Atiku Abubakar to unite the country. He accused the… In "Headlines" By Tunde Opalana The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) greeted the emergence of Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu as presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) with mockery, saying he will be an easy win for Atiku Abubakar in 2023. The party derided Tinubu for clinching the ticket at very great… In "2023 Elections"