The Northern Elders Forum, NEF, has denied report that it endorsed the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP. A member of the forum, Alhaji Seidu Baba, who addressed the press in Abuja on Saturday, said the former vice president cannot be their consensus candidate. According to him, the PDP candidate has not been fair to the Northerners to deserve their endorsement. He said, although, Atiku has been scheming to be endorsed as the sole candidate of the North, NEF has not endorsed him. Baba said: “There was an attempt to cajole and even force the NEF to adopt him (Atiku), shows how desperate he is. “Many people believe, though the Governor of Kaduna State, Malam Nasir El-rufai, was condemning Northern elders, it is believed, his real target was Atiku Abubakar. “There is no way Atiku can be a Northern candidate, because he does not know them and we do not know him. READ ALSO: ‘My mum accused my wife of ruining her birthday “It is believes Atiku got wind of his rejection the reason he failed to show up at the NEF Assembly and could not send any representative. “Atiku has not been seen as somebody who is closed to the North, because he has not been fair to us.” The Northern Elders Forum (NEF) has advised the leader of the Yoruba socio-cultural organisation, Afenifere, Chief Ayo Adebanjo, to be more responsible with his comments ahead of the general elections. Naija News reports that the NEF stated this in reaction to Adebanjo’s comment that if Nigerians do not elect the… In "Politics" Good morning Nigeria, welcome to the Naija News roundup of top newspaper headlines in Nigeria for today, Saturday, 28th January 2023. Mr President, This Your Best Is Disappointing! With an eye on his legacy and hope that history will be kind to him, President Muhammadu Buhari has in recent weeks… In "News" …says North has paid dues for unity of Nigeria…North has no reason to be poor -Bugaje By Tunde Opalana The Northern Elders Forum insisted that the 2023 general election must be free, fair and credible while winner of the presidential election must be accorded power to govern without antagonism. Convener… In "Politics"