By Kingsley Chukwuka The Governor of Plateau State and the Director General Tinubu/Shettima Campaign Organisation, Simon Lalong has said the G5 Governors also known as the integrity Governors, will support the All Progressive Congress (APC) Presidential Candidate, Bola Ahmed Tinubu in the 2023 Governorship Elections. Lalong who is also the Chairman of the 19 Northern States Governors, mocked those who are in the People’s Democratic Party (PDP), led former governor Jonah Jang faction in support of the G5, saying that they are confused as their leader Jang who is fighting the APC in the State will be cowed to support the Presidential candidate of the APC. Calling them confused people, Lalong urged Jang and his followers to decamp to APC and safe themselves of the impending show of shame that will soon befall them. “The G5 Governors will support the Tinubu and Shettima presidential elections. So the PDP faction led by Governor Jang is only fooling themselves. I call them confused people”, Lalong said. The Governor stated this on Wednesday during the APC State Governorship Campaign Flag-Off held in Wase Local Government Area of Plateau South, where also over 9000, decampees from different political parties decamped to the APC. Most prominent among the decampees is the Governorship Candidate of the Young Progressive Party (YPP), Manji Gontori, calling on his supporters to shift allegiance to the governorship candidate of the APC, Dr. Nentawe Yilwatda. Gontori while speaking at the campaign rally promised to work for the victory of the APC both at the State and the National level. However, speaking at the rally, Nentawe expressed happiness with the mammoth crowd at the rally, describing it as a proof of love for him and the Party. READ ALSO: Data Breach: Why FG may sanction Zenith Bank, GTCO He pledged to utilise potentials of the youths for growth, progress and development of the state if elected in the forthcoming 2023 governorship election. “We will address the State’s economy and 10% of the State IGR will be deployed to address issues of the vulnerable groups like the youths, women, and people living with disabilities. “We will be transparent, free, fair and run an all-inclusive government while the youths will be mentored and appointed as commissioners and other positions. The National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Abdullahi Adamu, on Thursday, unveiled Governor Simon Lalong of Plateau State and Chairman of the Northern Governors’ Forum as the Director General of the party’s presidential campaign organisation. The National Chairman, who led the presidential candidate of the party Bola Tinubu… In "News" The All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential candidate, Bola Ahmed Tinubu, has arrived in Jos, Plateau State capital, for the kick-off of his campaign rally scheduled to hold on Tuesday. Tinubu and his entourage were received by the State Governor, Simon Lalong, who doubles as the Director General of the party’s… In "Politics" After weeks of intrigues and uncertainty, the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) elected a former Lagos State governor, Bola Tinubu as its presidential candidate. The 70-year-old politician was able to get northern governors behind himself and handed crushing defeats to other younger and agile aspirants, including the Vice President, Yemi… In "Politics"