BY NKIRU NWAGBO There are feelers that the the ruling party in Anambra, All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) are working to subvert the victory of Labour Party in Ogbaru Federal Constituency. The popularity of Mr Peter Obi, the presidential candidate of Labour Party in Saturday’s election had cost APGA many National Assembly seats, as the party lost in many constituencies in the state. As at Tuesday, APGA from election results declared by INEC failed to get any seat out of the three senatorial zones, just as the Ogbaru election was yet to be officially declared. In the House of Representatives election, out of the 11 constituencies, APGA has only been declared winner in just three, while Labour Party seemed to have cleared the others, despite fielding rookie politicians. Meanwhile, a source who spoke to journalists at INEC headquarters in Awka said the election at Ogbaru was yet to be declared because of interference. An editor and journalist, Mr Afam Ogene, a candidate of Labour Party had been touted to have won the election from collated result, but sources said the rulling party in the state was working to subvert his victory to give the APGA more seats from the state. READ ALSO: Abuja land grabbing syndicate and their lawless The source said: “We have been battling to ensure that they announced Ogbaru result, but up till now, they are still playing games. We are sure that the Labour Party candidate, Victor Afam Ogene won the seat, but they want to change it for APGA.” Meanwhile, other candidates of Labour Party have rallied round Ogene, to ensure that his victory was not subverted. Senator Victor Umeh and Hon Tony Nwoye, who are prominent members of the Labour Party, who also won their election were seen at the Anambra INEC headquarters, trying hard to ensure that the subversion was stopped. NKIRU NWAGBO, AWKA At exactly 1.51 am today (10th November 2021), the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) declared the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) candidate, Prof. Charles Chukwuma Soludo, as the winner of the November 6, 2021 Governorship election in Anambra State. The returning Officer for the election, Prof. Florence… In "Headlines" History was made in Abuja on Monday when residents of the territory from the middle belt and southern parts of the country, unanimously adopted the All Progressive Grand Alliance {APGA} senatorial contestant, Dr. Anthony Chike Ezekwugo as their preferred candidate for the senatorial seat in the Federal Capital Territory. The… In "Politics" One of the eighteen registered political parties known as Action Alliance has adopted the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) as its preferred candidate for the FCT Senatorial election coming up on February 25th 2013. Addressing a press conference in Abuja, the Action Alliance group in FCT, led by Comrade Augustine… In "Politics"