The Former Director of the Civil Society Organization in the All Progressives Congress (APC) Presidential campaign council, Naja’atu Mohammed has laid an allegation against the Kaduna State Governor, El-Rufai. Mohammed in an interview with Arise TV claimed that El-Rufai at a time attempted to be part of the cabal at the Aso Rock. According to Mohammed, El-Rufai’s plans were written in one of the memos of the governor after the late Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari died. She claimed that the cabal snubbed the Kaduna State Governor, adding that this is why El-Rufai is combatting them. She called on El-Rufai and other governors elected on the platform of the APC to be concerned about the Nigerian people who are suffering and not about the election. Mohammed alleged that their fight against the alleged cabal is for their personal interests and not for the masses. She said, “We should not forget the El-Rufai memo, after the death of the former Chief of Staff Abba Kyari. “The memo was late and El-Rufai said that he wants to replace Abba Kyari in the villa’s cabal and he did everything he could to replace Abba Kyari. READ ALSO: Stop Uzodinma’s move to borrow additional N118 Billion. “He said in the memo that some people were already boasting that they will choose the next Petroleum Minister and they will hijack everything. So he wanted to be part of the cabal but they snubbed him.” Governor Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna State on Thursday said he is fully with Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, National Leader of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) who is eyeing the presidency in 2023. El Rufai openly declared his support for the former Lagos State Governor at the Umaru Musa Yar’adua… In "Politics" Governor Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna State on Tuesday said that Nigeria cannot afford another civil war that tore every fabric of the country. El-Rufai spoke at the closing ceremony of the orientation course organized for members of the 2022 Batch B (Stream 2) National Youth Service Corps members posted to… In "News" Following the rising insecurity in parts of the country, including the nation’s capital, Abuja, Kaduna State Governor Nasir El-Rufai has reiterated his position that the best way to tackle the problem is to bomb terrorists’ camps and enclaves to push back their menace. The governor, who lamented that insecurity was… In "Headlines"