BY IDRIS AHMED Kogi Internal Revenue Service (KGIRS), is set to flush out illegal and fake revenue collectors as part of the measures to prevent double taxation on businesses and tax payers across the state. The just confirmed substantive Chairman of the state Internal Revenue Service, Alhaji Sule Salihu Enehe, disclosed this to journalists during an interactive session on Monday in Lokoja, that revenue and taxes will be paid and collected through cashless monetary transactions. The Chairman, who lamented that thugs have taken over collection of revenue in the eastern part of the state, expressed optimism of the agency in flushing out all those that have no business with revenue and tax collection. He also disclosed that Illegal miners of solid minerals and persons in cashew farming and related businesses, who have not been paying revenue in the past, will henceforth be taxed as state have to collect it’s dues from businesses. Enehe promises to aggressively collect revenue in the state to meet up the target or beyond to achieve 100 per cent budget target for the 2023 fiscal year. He revealed that with the innovation, he introduced during his probation in office as acting Chairman, more persons were recruited which led to accelerated revenue collection and increment to the government purse. READ ALSO: 2023: AAC Governorship Candidates Vow to work against… According to the revenue Boss, the processes for staff promotion and salary increments increment have commenced, as examinations and interviews were conducted. He said that by April this year, promotion and increment letters will be released to enhance their performances. The Chairman appealed to the general public to always pay up their taxes and revenue to enhance government provision of dividends of democracy. By Joy Obakeye The Lagos State Internal Revenue Service (LIRS) and Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) have signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) on the exchange of information and implementation of a joint tax audit and investigation exercise. At the signing ceremony, theLagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, disclosed "We have… In "Business" The Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) says it generated the sum of N4.2 trillion between January and September 2021, in spite of the challenges posed by COVID-19. Executive chairman of FIRS, Mr. Mohammad Nami made the disclosure during FIRS Special Day at the 2021 Lagos International Trade Fair (LITR), on… In "Business" The Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) says the deployment of digital technology is key to improving revenue generation, hence, the need to speed up digitalization of internal processes. Mrs. Angel Fadahunsi, Director, Department of Career and Skill Development, FIRS, stated this on Friday in Abuja during a capacity building workshop… In "News"