• says security, corruption at stake with new policy • Old N200 notes remain legal tender till April 10 • Mixed reactions trail President’s speech By Ukpono Ukpong President Muhammadu Buhari has ordered the extension of deadline for the use of old N200 notes to April 10. The President gave the order yesterday in a national broadcast on the challenges of the currency swap and state of the nation. He said that the national broadcast became necessary so as to express his sympathy, over the difficulties being experienced by Nigerians in the implementation of the new monetary policies. While sympathising with Nigerians on the pains the go through to access the new Naira notes, President Buhari directed the CBN to deploy all legitimate resources and legal means to ensure Nigerians have easy access to cash withdrawal through availability of appropriate amount of currency; and ability to make deposits. He also directed the CBN to intensify collaboration with anti-corruption agencies, so as to ensure that any institution or person(s) found to have impeded or sabotaged the implementation is made to bear the full weight of the law. “I am not unaware of the obstacles placed on the path of innocent Nigerians by unscrupulous officials in the banking industry, entrusted with the process of implementation of the new monetary policy. I am deeply pained and sincerely sympathise with you all, over these unintended outcomes. “To stem this tide, I have directed the CBN to deploy all legitimate resources and legal means to ensure that our citizens are adequately educated on the policy; enjoy easy access to cash withdrawal through availability of appropriate amount of currency; and ability to make deposits. “I have similarly directed that the CBN should intensify collaboration with anti-corruption agencies, so as to ensure that any institution or person(s) found to have impeded or sabotaged the implementation should be made to bear the full weight of the law. “During the extended phase of the deadline for currency swap, I listened to invaluable pieces of advice from well-meaning citizens and institutions across the nation. “I similarly consulted widely with representatives of the State Governors as well as the Council of State. Above all, as an administration that respects the rule of law, I have also noted that the subject matter is before the courts of our land and some pronouncements have been made. “To further ease the supply pressures particularly to our citizens, I have given approval to the CBN that the old N200 bank notes be released back into circulation and that it should also be allowed to circulate as legal tender with the new N200, N500, and N1000 banknotes for 60 days from February 10, 2023 to April 10 2023 when the old N200 notes ceases to be legal tender. “In line with Section 20(3) of the CBN Act 2007, all existing old N1000 and N500 notes remain redeemable at the CBN and designated points. “Considering the health of our economy and the legacy we must bequeath to the next administration and future generations of Nigerians, I admonish every citizen to strive harder to make their deposits by taking advantage of the platforms and windows being provided by the CBN.” President Buhari said that in the last quarter of 2022, he authorised the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) to redesign the N200, N500, and N1000 Nigerian banknotes. And for the smooth transition, he similarly approved that the redesigned banknotes should circulate concurrently with the old bank notes, till 31st January 2023, before the old notes, cease to be legal tender. “In appreciation of the systemic and human difficulties encountered during implementation and in response to the appeal of all citizens, an extension of ten days was authorized till 10th February, 2023 for the completion of the process. All these activities are being carried out within the ambit of the Constitution, the relevant law under the CBN Act 2007 and in line with global best practices. “Fellow citizens, while I seek your understanding and patience during this transient phase of implementation, I feel obliged to avail you a few critical points underpinning the policy decision. These include: the need to restore the statutory ability of the CBN to keep a firm control over money in circulation. In 2015 when this administration commenced its first term, Currency-in-Circulation was only N1.4trillion. “The proportion of currency outside banks grew from 78%in 2015 to 85% in 2022. As of October 2022, therefore, currency in circulation had risen to N3.23 trillion; out of which only N500 billion was within the Banking System while N2.7 trillion remained permanently outside the system; thereby distorting the financial policy and efficient management of inflation; “The huge volume of Bank Notes outside the banking system has proven to be practically unavailable for economic activities and by implication, retard the attainment of potential economic growth; “Economic growth projections make it imperative for government to aim at expanding financial inclusion in the country by reducing the number of the unbanked population; “Given the prevailing security situation across the country, which keeps improving, it also becomes compelling for government to deepen its continuing support for security agencies to successfully combat banditry and ransom-taking in Nigeria.” Notwithstanding the initial setbacks experienced, President Buhari said that the evaluation and feedback mechanism set up has revealed that gains have emerged from the policy initiative. “I have been reliably informed that since the commencement of this program, about N2.1 trillion out of the banknotes previously held outside the banking system, had been successfully retrieved. “This represents about 80% of such funds. In the short to medium and long terms, therefore, it is expected that there would be: a strengthening of our macro economic parameters; “Reduction of broad money supply leading to a deceleration of the velocity of money in the economy which should result in less pressure on domestic prices; “Lowering of Inflation as a result of the accompanying decline in money supply that will slow the pace of inflation; “Collapse of illegal economic activities which would help to stem corruption and acquisition of money through illegal ways; “Exchange Rate stability; availability of Easy Loans and lowering of interest rates; and greater visibility and transparency of our financial actions translating to efficient enforcement of our anti- money laundering legislations.” Speaking further, he assures Nigerians that his administration will continue to assess the implementation with a view to ensuring that Nigerians are not unnecessarily burdened. “In this regard, the CBN shall ensure that new notes become more available and accessible to our citizens through the banks. READ ALSO: Ikenga Ugochinyere must not die, CUPP tasks IGP “I wish to once more appeal for your understanding till we overcome this difficult transient phase within the shortest possible time.” Furthermore, he said that the new monetary policy has also contributed immensely to the minimization of the influence of money in politics, even as he urged every Nigerian to go out and vote for their candidates of choice without fear come February 25. He also assured that adequate security shall be provided as well as ensure that all the votes count. “I am aware that this new monetary policy has also contributed immensely to the minimization of the influence of money in politics. This is a positive departure from the past and represents a bold legacy step by this administration, towards laying a strong foundation for free and fair elections. “I urge every citizen therefore, to go out to vote for their candidates of choice without fear, because security shall be provided and your vote shall count. “I however admonish you to eschew violence and avoid actions capable of disrupting the electoral processes. I wish us all a successful General Elections.” My Dear Compatriots, I have found it necessary to address you today, on the state of the nation and to render account on the efforts of our administration to sustain and strengthen our economy, enhance the fight against corruption and sustain our gains in the fight against terrorism and insecurity… In "Buhari" The Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Mr Godwin Emefiele, says President Muhammadu Buhari will unveil new N200, N500, and N1,000 banknotes at the Federal Executive Council (FEC) meeting today (Wednesday). Speaking to newsmen after the Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) meeting on Tuesday, Emefiele said the unveiling of… In "Headlines" President Muhammadu Buhari says the redesign of naira notes by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) will proceed as planned. Buhari said this on Wednesday after meeting with King Charles III at Buckingham Palace in the United Kingdom. Recall that the Governor of the CBN, Godwin Emefiele, on October 26,… In "Headlines"