By Temitope Adebayo The Management of the Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA), has said that rebuilding of Apapa, Tin-Can Island, Onne Port, and Calabar Ports will gulp $800 million. The Managing Director of NPA, Mohammed Bello-Koko, disclosed this during a virtual conversation at the International Association of Ports and Harbors (IAPH) Europe and Africa 2023 Regional meeting held in Germany recently, where Jens Meier, the vice-president of Europe, and Micheal Luguje, that of Africa, hosted IAPH members and CEOs to top-level discussions. Bello-Koko noted that carrying out palliative and remedial works on the four seaports is no more effective because the ports need total rehabilitation. He said, the money will either come as a loan or the NPA will fund the rehabilitation project, which will lead to a reduction in its contribution to the Consolidated Revenue Fund (CRF). The NPA boss said if the $800 million comes in as a loan facility, it will be repayable in a seven-year period. According to him, the rehabilitation would help in achieving the digitalisation of all four ports in Nigeria. READ ALSO: PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION 2023: the die is cast, Dr Ray… He pointed out the impact of the collaboration between the government and private sector partnership as well as the gains to the Nigerian ports. To him, the collaboration gave birth to the Lekki Deep Seaport, which is Nigeria’s deepest seaport with an initial depth of 16.5 meters, with the plan to expand to 20.5 meters depth at the completion of the third phase. Jens Meier, the vice-president of IAPH Europe, thanked attendees for their inputs during the session and promised a continuous collaboration between Europe and Africa to achieve the digital port goal in Africa. The Nigeria Ports Authority (NPA) has said that the foreign ships are currently avoiding the Nigeria's Eastern maritime corridor as well as their ports due to incessant theft of buoys (navigational equipment) by criminal elements in the region. Addressing the State House correspondents yesterday during the weekly presidential briefing organised… In "Headlines" By Joy Obakeye The Onne Port Complex is becoming the fastest-growing port in Nigeria, handling about 11,800 metric tonnes of cargo in the first half of 2022. The Nigerian Ports Authority has revealed. Mohammed Bello-Koko, Managing Director, NPA stated this on Tuesday, stressing that the increase in the volume of… In "News" Having successfully completed and commissioned Lekki deep seaport, Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) and Infrastructure Concession Regulatory Commission (ICRC) have started receiving more requests for the establishment of similar projects in other states. The Managing Director of the Authority, Mohammed Bello-Koko, disclosed this on the official Twitter handle of NPA, saying… In "Business"