By Joy Obakeye The President of the Association of Senior Civil Servants of Nigeria (ASCSN), Tommy Okon, has expressed concerns over the scarcity of fuel and unavailabity of naira notes, stressing that the economic advisers to the government have failed in their capacities. He disclosed this while speaking with newly elected executive members of Labour Writers Association of Nigeria (LAWAN) in Lagos. He explained that Nigeria could be a better nation with the right leadership that has the competence, capacity, content and capacity to move forward. Speaking on the 2023 general election, the ASCSN president urged all NigerIan workers to get their PVCs and vote rightly for a competent candidate. ” Nigerians should also ensure they get their Permanent Voter Cards (PVCs) to elect credible leaders that would move the country forward.” “Nigeria is like a vehicle without an engine, and not yet uhuru for the incoming administration, because the next president is going to face the issues he never bargained for. He stressed that, ” We in the labour movement don’t want to take chances because if we lead a protest, the government will cash in on that and say the economy is not conducive for the conduct of elections. We are very conscious of it. We are now applying a scientific approach to industrial relations.” READ ALSO: PDP: I did not issue any report on Rivers State “Our PVC is our weapon and for any government that is anti-worker would be voted out, irrespective of religion, political affiliation, but conscious of someone who has the capacity, competency, capability and contents to deliver. “Any government that is coming that will not show enormous concern for the workers should be ready to face the wrath of the workers. We are only keeping silent because we want this government to leave in peace so that nobody will accuse the labour union of sabotaging the government to achieve their plans to stop the conduct of elections,” he said. The National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) have asked President Muhammadu Buhari to temporarily shut down all tertiary institutions until after the February 25 and March 11 elections. The association stressed that the shutdown would allow students to obtain their PVCs. “Subsequent to the extension of deadline for the collection… In "Politics" Governor Inuwa Yahaya of Gombe State, says Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential candidate, won’t disappoint Nigerians, if elected as president, because he has capacity to deliver. Yahaya stated this when he paid a visit to the palace of Alhaji Abdulkadir Abdulsalam, the Lamido Gona, in Amada community… In "Politics" By Ukpono Ukpong The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) has denied the report in a section of the media (not Daily Times) that the Congress President, Comrade Ayuba Wabba attacked civil servants over the one billion naira mass housing project. In a statement signed by the NLC Head, Information and Public… In "News"