By Temitope Adebayo Honda Motor Co said it will start producing a new hydrogen fuel cell system jointly developed with General Motors Co (GM.N) this year and gradually step up sales this decade, in a bid to expand its hydrogen business. The managing executive director Shinji Aoyama said this recently, during a company event in Tokyo. Aoyama said, “We are targeting annual sales of around 2,000 units of the new system in the middle of this decade,that it aiming to boost that to 60,000 units per year in 2030.” The Japanese carmaker is seeking to expand the use of its new system not only for its own fuel cell electric vehicles (FCEVs), but also commercial vehicles such as heavy trucks, as stationary power stations and in construction machinery. READ ALSO: Naira redesign: No bank will deny presidential. An illustration projected on a screen shows a robot hand and a human one moving towards each others during the “AI for Good” Global Summit at the ITU in Geneva “With the “next-generation” system, the company aims to more than double durability compared with its older fuel cell system and to bring costs down by two-thirds”, he said. Also speaking is the general manager of Honda’s hydrogen business development division,Tetsuya Hasebe, said commercial vehicles are in use all over the world, they’ll likely see electrification just as with passenger cars. “That would likely lead to a divergence in trucks using batteries and those running on fuel cells”, he added. “Green” and “low-carbon” have become keywords of the 4th China International Import Expo (CIIE), where new products, technologies, and services that are environmentally friendly, including green energy sources and green and smart home appliances, are easily seen. Many products displayed by American chemical manufacturer DuPont were made from Dupont Tyvek,… In "News" *Targets total customers of 125 million by 2027 By Motolani Oseni Access Holdings Plc, has restated its determination to further drive its growth through strong capital ratio, investment in human capital and effective risk management. Access Holdings Plc has said, the banking group would act as a nexus to drive… In "Business" By Temitope Adebayo The Nigeria Auto Journalists Association (NAJA) plans to hold its 2022 edition of the Nigeria Auto Journalists Awards on Wednesday January 25, 2023 at the prestigious Eko Hotels and Towers, Victoria Island. Speaking on the new date, Chairman of the Planning Committee, Mr Rasheed Bisiriyu, stated that… In "Business"