By Andrew Orolua The Chief Army Staff, Lieutenant General Faruk Yahaya on Tuesday directed all General Officers Commanding (GOCs) and other Formation Commanders of the Nigerian Army (NA) to secure conducive atmosphere in their Areas of Responsibility (AOR)for the successful conduct of the coming 2023 elections. Gen Yahaya handed down the directive while formally flagging off the commencement of Operation SAFE CONDUCT in all Nigerian Army Divisions and formations across the country. The Army Chief reiterated the unwavering resolve of the Nigerian Army to strictly adhere to its constitutional role by supporting the Nigeria Police, which is the lead security agency in the 2023 elections security architecture. He charged the Commanders to identify and dominate flash points in their AORs, adding that troops must be alert, proactive and operate jointly with sister services and other security agencies during the elections. The COAS, while directing the Commanders to deploy requisite logistics to ensure security and safety of citizens during the elections, urged them to be professional, apolitical and adhere strictly to extant Code of conduct and Rules of Engagement guiding personnel throughout their operations. He warned that any infraction on the provisions of the Code of conduct will not be treated with levity. The COAS maintained that all deployments must be joint and in support of the Nigeria Police. He observed that all eyes are on the security agencies, and that the citizens expect nothing short of free and fair elections. “You must therefore refrain from hobnobbing with political gladiators and maintain your apolitical stance”, he averred. READ ALSO: New Naira policy turn soar as pro- FG campaigners It will be recalled that the COAS in an effort to ensure that the laws of the land and personal liberties and rights of citizens are not compromised, recently approved the Code of Conduct and Rules of Engagement for Nigerian Army personnel during Operation SAFE CONDUCT 2023. *Military working in synergy to eliminate threats to national security, says Air Chief The Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Lt.-Gen. Faruk Yahaya, on Friday, assured Nigerians of visible signs of improved security across the country in the coming year. Yahaya gave the assurance in Abuja at the closing of the… In "News" The Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Lt.-Gen. Faruk Yahaya, says the Nigerian Army will set the stage for the conduct of a peaceful general elections in 2023. Yahaya gave the assurance while speaking with newsmen at the graduation of the Second Batch Trainees of the Nigerian Army Officers Wives Association… In "News" The Chief of Army Staff, Lt.-Gen. Faruk Yahaya, COAS, on Monday charged troops of Sector 2, Joint Task Force, North-East Operation Hadin Kai, to remain apolitical as 2023 general election approached. Yahaya gave the charge while addressing the troops at a Christmas luncheon in Damaturu. He directed the troops to… In "Headlines"