All Progressives Congress Presidential Candidate, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, has appealed to the people of Lagos State to be calm and eschew any act that can lead to breakdown of law and order. Tinubu said the outcome of the election in Lagos where Labour Party won the presidential election should not be a source of provocation saying that the beauty of democracy is that people have a right to vote for the candidate of their choice. The APC candidate further said that as a democrat he is bound to accept the outcome of any election whether favourable or not. In a statement released on Monday by the Presidential Campaign Council signed by Director of Media and Publicity, Mr. Bayo Onanuga, Tinubu expressed serious concern over reports of violence in parts of the state, especially reported attacks on some traders of Igbo origin. READ ALSO: Abuja land grabbing syndicate and their lawless The former Lagos State Governor condemned any form of violence against people of any ethnic group in Lagos. “The fact that the APC narrowly lost Lagos State to another party should not be the reason for violence. As a democrat, you win some, you lose some. We must allow the process to continue unhindered across the country while we maintain peace and decorum,” the statement said. .Says Ex-President’s endorsement of LP presidential candidate won’t work . Accuses Obasanjo, Atiku of corruption. Promises to make Edo an economic hub By Benjamin Omoike with agency reports The presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Bola Tinubu, on Thursday, slammed former President Olusegun Obasanjo for his endorsement of… In "Headlines" Sen. Bola Tinubu, the Presidential candidate of All Progressives Congress (APC), has promised Nigerians unprecedented turnaround in the nation’s socioeconomic and political areas from his government, if elected. Tinubu made the promise on Sunday in Ibadan at a Town Hall Meeting with Muslim Leaders drawn from the six states in… In "Headlines" By BENJAMIN OMOIKE Surulere - the Lagos city that hosted the first All Progressives Congress (APC), convention after the party was formed in 2014 - became a beehive of political carnival on Saturday. A mammoth crowd thronged the main bowl of the Teslim Balogun Stadium in Surulere, as the ruling… In "Politics"