BY NKIRU NWAGBO Gunmen early Tuesday morning, killed one Prof Anthony Eze, a lecturer at the Faculty of Education, Nnamdi Azikiwe University, Awka. Reports had it that Prof Anthony Eze was taking his children to school when the gunmen stormed at his residence and on sighting the gunmen, he allegedly attempted to flee when they rushed at him and emptied four bullets into his chest. An eye witness had it that gunmen came in a Toyota Corolla salon car and after executing their plot, fled to an unknown destination, while residents in the area ran for safety. “We were here this morning when Dr Eze was driving out of his house and suddenly a Toyota Corolla salon car pulled towards the entrance of his house and when he tried to drive back, they followed him and shot him, emptying about four bullets into his chest and we ran away.” READ ALSO: Between advertising and nudity “We rushed him to the General Hospital, Amaku, and the doctor at the hospital confirmed that he was dead,” the witness narrated. Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Tochukwu Ikenga, said that the Command had not been well informed about the incident, promising to speak on the details. Gunmen have kidnapped a principal, Joshua Adeyemi, alongside four other persons along the Auga/Ise-Akoko Road in Akoko North-East Local Government Area of the state. Adeyemi, the principal of Auga Community Grammar School, was abducted together with his vice, Ifedayo Yesufu, and three other teachers in the school at gunpoint. The… In "News" *Katsina Commissioner assassinated in his house The Police Command in Niger said gunmen had killed nine worshippers and injured six others in an attack on a mosque at Tungan Ba’are village in Mashegu Local Government Area of the state. The Commissioner of Police in the state, Monday-Bala Kuryas, who confirmed… In "Headlines" By Abiodun Taiwo Gunmen have attacked the Celestial Church of Christ, Oshofa Parish, at Wasimi, Ewekoro Local Government Area of Ogun State on Tuesday. The gunmen were said to have kidnapped the Assistant Shepherd of the parish, Oluwaseun Ajose and a Sunday school teacher identified as Dagunro Ayobami. The two… In "News"