The Chartered Institute of Bankers of Nigeria (CIBN), says the banking industry in the country is strong, focused and committed to addressing all the contending issues in the sector. A statement issued by Dr Ken Opara, the President of CIBN on Monday, said the industry was committed to restoring normalcy in the system. Opara was reacting to insinuations in some quarters that the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) planned to shut down some deposit money banks. According to him, the soundness of the banking industry has been reaffirmed severally by the CBN, which is the only body suited to assess the health of the financial industry. “We equally like to allay the fears around the shortage of materials for printing the new naira notes, which the CBN has also discredited. “This has also been debunked by the Nigeria Security Printing and Minting (NSPM) Company, which described the story as false, baseless and misleading. “NSPM has assured that it has made adequate arrangement to continuously produce redesigned naira notes as well as other denominations. “We implore the public to disregard any contrary information as the entire banking community remains focused, and committed. “The industry is also working round the clock to address all contending issues with a view to restoring normalcy. READ ALSO: Valentine Season: Polaris Bank excites existing “We indeed appreciate your continued patience and understanding as we work together toward building the Nigeria of our dream,’’ he said. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that some banks in recent times shut down operations in some of its branches for alleged network issues, attacks and insufficient availability of the new naira notes. By Motolani Oseni The Chattered Institute of Bankers of Nigeria (CIBN), has said the banking industry stakeholders, including the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) and the commercial banks operating in the country are working assiduously to bring the new naira notes situation under control. In a statement signed by its… In "Business" George Oko-Oboh, Executive Director of Heritage Bank Plc alongside six other Senior Management staff have been awarded honorary fellowship by the Chartered Institute of Bankers of Nigeria (CIBN). The other awardees who were invested as Fellows of the Chartered Institute of Bankers (FCIB) were the Divisional Head, Products Management &… In "News" *Says Naira4Dollar scheme boosts remittances to $100m per week *As CIBN president, Olugbemi congratulates CBN over launch of e-naira MOTOLANI OSENI As part of the efforts to catalyze further growth of the Nigerian economy, not less than a whopping one trillion naira in seed funding has been pulled together for… In "Business"