By Nosa Àkeñzua The People’s Democratic Party (PDP) former House of Assembly aspirant in Aniocha South Delta state, Hon James Onwordi Endurance popularly known as Ibori Ubulu, has blamed the PDP House of Assembly candidate in Aniocha South, Issac Anwuzia, and Director-General, Delta State Capital Territory Development Agency Joan Onyemaechi over PDP failure to defeat Labour Party in Aniocha South. Onwordi in Ogwashi-Uku said the leadership style of Anwuzia and Onyemaechi in Aniocha South made people to vote against PDP. He noted that the people do not need the duo to deliver the governorship candidate of the PDP Rt Hon Sheriff Oborevwori come March 11 as he is genuinely loved by the people based on his street credibility and competency. “We lost the presidential election to Labour Party because we have PDP leaders that are tyrants before the people. “The likes of Issac Anwuzia and Joan Onyemaechi are the reason PDP didn’t win in Aniocha South. “The Labour Party supporters do not like the leadership of the PDP leaders because they are not friends to the people rather they see themselves as above the masses. “I do not see Anwuzia winning the House of Assembly election because he has been unfair to the people of Aniocha South. READ ALSO: Abuja land grabbing syndicate and their lawless “He is not connected to the people as he has offended us by playing God. “PDP leaders in Aniocha South need to wake up and start reaching out to the people instead of accumu: Gbagi breaks age-long records, secures endorsement from PDP stronghold in Otu-Jeremi “See presidential election results in 5 LGAs in Delta, check LP, PDP, APC figuresBrutalized Corp member a case of mistaken identity – NYSC “You can’t continue to treat the people like slaves and you want them to support you during election,” he said. By Nosa Àkeñzua The Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC) has declared candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Hon Nnamdi Ezechi, winner of the House of Representatives election in Ndokwa/Ukwuani federal Constituency, Delta State. Having been declared the winner and returned elected, the Ndokwa East born Ezechi will represent Ndokwa/Ukwuani… In "Politics" By Nosa Àkeñzua No fewer than 25 leaders of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in three Warri local government areas of Delta State, have defected into the All Progressives Congress (APC). The weekend's development climaxed weeks of ceaseless defection into APC by leaders of PDP in the state. The latest defection… In "Politics" By Nosa Àkeñzua As thousands of members of the All Progressives Congress (APC) continue to defect to the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Delta State, a chieftain of the party, Hon. Chief Emamusi Obiodeh has predicted massive victory for the PDP's governorship candidate, Rt. Hon. Sheriff Oborevwori. Obiodeh, gave… In "Politics"