By Tom Garba,Yola The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on Monday declared Rt. Hon. Aminu Iya Abbas, Speaker, Adamawa State House of Assembly, as winner for Adamawa Central Senatoial district. Dr. Ahmad Umar Alkali of Modibbo Adama University (MAU) Yola, the Returning Officer, announced Abbas of People’s Democratic Party (PDP) as winner of the February 25th election after scoring 145,879 votes Alkali said Aminu Iya Abbas defeated his closest contender, Abdulaziz Murtala Nyako of All Progressives Congress (APC), who polled 118,555 votes. Similarly, the INEC declared Salihu Muhammad Abba of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) as the winner for Yola North,Yola South and Girei Federal Constituency of the state. READ ALSO: Abuja land grabbing syndicate and their lawless The Returning Officer, Dr. Salihu Aliyu Modibbo of Modibbo Adama University (MAU) Yola, announced the results at collation center in Yola North in the early hours of Monday. Modibbo said Abba scored 71,223 votes to defeat his closest rival, Abubakar Baba Zango of All Progressives Congress (APC), who scored 54,335 votes. ….demands refund of salaries, others By Tom Garba,Yola Leadership of the opposition All Progressives Congress (APC) in Adamawa State has dragged three state lawmakers to court for dumping the party for the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP.). The party sued Hon. Umar Musa Bororo, Hon. Shuaibu Babas and Hon. Shuaibu Dan… In "Politics" By Tom Garba The Federal High Court II Yola Division on Monday nullified the election of Hon. Adamu Baba Mustapha, Senior Special Assistant to Governor Ahmadu Umaru Fintiri. The court has ordered the National Independent Electoral Commission (INEC) to withdraw the certificate issued to Hon. Mustapha, after he was declared… In "News" By Tom Garba The 012 polling unit of Ajiya Ward, Yola North Local Government area of Adamawa state where Atiku Abubakar, the People's Democratic Party (PDP) presidential candidate and the Minister of Federal Capital Territory, Mohammed Bello normally cast their votes was overwhelmingly won by PDP. After counting Atiku polled… In "Politics"