By Joy Obakeye The Lagos Chamber of Commerce and Industry (LCCI) has urged the federal government to deploy monetary and fiscal policies to tame inflation. The Chamber reacting to a report by the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS), that the January 2023 headline inflation inched up by 0.47 per cent to 21.83 per cent after scaling a few basis points in December 2022. The Director-General of LCCI, Chinyere Almona, disclosed in a statement that the rising inflation has worsened the plight of Nigerians, particularly at a time when multidimensional poverty had climbed too high with an unprecedented 133 million Nigerians living below the poverty line. According to LCCI, while the monetary authority keeps hiking rates to beat inflation, the supply side should also be explored with the same vigour, stating that, other monetary and fiscal policies should be equally deployed to tame inflation. “The sustained rise in the general price level in recent times has caused some weakening in purchasing power. This is coming at a time when multidimensional poverty has climbed too high with an unprecedented 133 million Nigerians living below the poverty line (NBS). READ ALSO: Atiku, Emefiele, Okowa targeted Tinubu with Naira swap.. “The impact of rising inflation is far-reaching. It distorts fixed interest rate payments for recipients and payers alike, leaving in its trail of disruptions and dislocations in the economy.” The statement noted that the CBN should also check the extent of its monetary financing of the federal government through ways and means. By Joy Obakeye The Lagos Chamber of Commerce and Industry (LCCI) has said the Federal Government needs to sustain its targeted interventions in selected critical sectors like agriculture, manufacturing, export infrastructure, and security. This was disclosed by the President of LCCI, Dr Michael Olawale-Cole, at the LCCI state of the… In "Commerce and Industry" By Joy Obakeye The Lagos Chamber of Commerce and Industry(LCCI) has urged the federal government to scale up plans of establishing special economic zones where agro-processing activities are supported to produce finished food products for its markets and for export. The chamber made this known in its New Year statement… In "Business" By Joy Obakeye The Lagos Chamber of Commerce and Industry (LCCI) has said fiscal and monetary authorities should develop a medium-term growth plan hinged on boosting local production, supporting ease of doing business and attracting private investment. The LCCI President Dr Michael Olawale-Cole disclosed this at the LCCI 134th Annual… In "Business"