By Godwin Anyebe Polaris Bank has announced plans to delight its existing and new customers this Valentine season with exciting rewards. The campaign is themed: Polaris Purple reward. According to the Bank, existing and prospective customers stand a chance to enjoy a reward of N5,000 worth of data in the Valentine campaign when they perform any of these transactions on VULTe: bill payment, interbank transaction and airtime purchase. Fifty (50) customers with highest cumulative transaction value within the period will be reward. The qualifying criteria include: Registration on VULTe; Perform either of these transactions; bill payment, interbank transaction or airtime purchase and stand a chance of being rewarded. On Friday, 17th February 2023, 50 customers with the highest transaction cumulative value will be announced via the Bank’s Instagram handle. READ ALSO: 2023: AAC Governorship Candidates Vow to work against… Polaris Bank’s Group Head, Strategic Brand Management, Mr. Nduneche Ezurike, who announced the Valentine reward exercise on behalf of the Bank disclosed that, “The reward campaign which will run from February 8th to 14th 2023, is another opportunity to show love to our esteemed customers by rewarding their loyalty for banking with us.” “Valentine is known globally as a season of love and sharing, and as a Bank which puts her customers at the center of everything we do, we deemed it fit to delight them with exciting rewards in commemoration of the Valentine season,” he remarked. By Temitope Adebayo Polaris Bank has assured that customers and non-customers alike can shop seamlessly and carry out all their transactions via its alternate channels: VULTe, USSD *833#, Polaris Mobile, PolarisXperience, ATMs, and PoS terminals during the Yuletide holidays. This commitment was disclosed by the Bank's Group Head, Strategic Brand… In "Business" By Motolani Oseni The Christmas and New Year celebrations are always an exciting season for everyone, and ALAT is making it extra fun for its customers and non-customers alike this year. In a campaign themed "An Audacious Christmas: The ALAT Experience", the digital banking platform is rewarding customers and non-customers… In "Business" By Motolani Oseni The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) and the Asset Management Company of Nigeria (AMCON) on Thursday announced the completion of a Share Purchase Agreement (SPA) for the acquisition of 100 per cent of the equity in Polaris Bank (Polaris) by Strategic Capital Investment Limited (SCIL). Polaris has… In "Headlines"