By Nsikak Ekpenyong Reference to the letter written to the Inspector General of Police Of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, Usman Alkali Baba and copies sent to the DSS, EFCC, ARMY and other security agencies and publication in the Blueprint Newspaper in November 2022, Seeking the attention of the Nigeria security service to come to the aid of some land owners in Lugbe but till date the Nigeria Police is yet to take action. The alleged Mr Olamide Popoola and Mr Justine Eleshi, call on the Inspector General of Police and other security agencies to investigate the following: Kinsley Abazie Ifeanyi (also known as IFEDI HOMES) Monday Onimisi and their cohorts Alleged by the petitioners that they are busy going against the law of the Federal Republic of Nigeria by trespassing on lands that do not belong to them, threatening land owners, violating the rule of law and disobeying court orders. It’s so shocking that these fellows, (land grabbing syndicates) go about the city of Abuja in convoys of heavily armed Police personnel and hoodlums, which they use to intimidate, harrass and threaten genuine land owners. We know and can prove that they are being backed up by some Serving and retired senior Police officials. In their petition call on the I.G of Police, Director of DSS, Nigerian Army and the Judiciary, to speedily checkmate and investigate the activities and unlawful use of police personnel and hoodlums, this lawbreakers harass, intimidate and threaten genuine land owners. Furthermore, we need the public to ask how and why these people can encroach on lands not belonging to them and with impunity carry out construction activities even with Court Orders restraining them from doing same. They do these things with the active cover of armed policemen and hoodlums. We appeal to the Judiciary to protect it’s integrity as we are at a loss why these syndicates claim to be untouchable, violating court orders and seemingly going scotfree As it stands the lives of the original land owners are seriously being threatened as they are being repeatedly attacked by the team of Kingsley Abazie Ifeanyi (IFEDI HOMES) and MONDAY ONIMISI. By Ukpono Ukpong President Muhammadu Buhari has again cautioned the leadership of the Nigeria Police on the high expectations from them in relation to the provision of requisite security ahead of the 2023 General Elections. The President spoke at the Force Headquarters, Abuja, as he commissioned Critical Operational Assets procured… In "Headlines" The Inspector-General of Police, IGP Usman Baba has ordered the deployment of armed personnel for the commencement of railway services along Abuja-Kaduna route from Monday, December 5th, 2022. This was contained in a statement on Sunday by the Force Public Relations Officer, Muyiwa Adejobi. The Nigerian Railway Corporation (NRC) had… In "News" Fisayo Soyombo, Foundation for Investigative Journalism (FIJ) founder, is being detained at the Nigeria Police Force Headquarters in Abuja. Soyombo had on November 23, 2021, received a text message from the security agency. “This office is conducting an investigation in which your name and phone number featured, in view of… In "News"