By Andrew Orolua The Court of Appeal in Abuja on Tuesday evening removed a House of representatives member, Hon Micheal Enyong as the Governorship candidate of the People’s Democratice Party (PDP) for Akwa Ibom State. In his place, the Court restored Mr Umo Eno, a former Commissioner for Land whose nomination by the party was set aside by a Federal High Court in Abuja on January 20, 2023. In a Judgment delivered in an appeal filed by PDP against the Federal High Court judgement justice Hamma Akawu Barka voided the judgment of the Federal High Court and set it aside on the ground that it predicated on errors. Justice Barka agreed with counsel to the PDP, Mr Paul Usoro SAN and Uwemedimo Nwoko SAN, that the Federal High Court judgment was delivered in error and that the court was misled by the plaintiff in the matter to arrive at unjust conclusion. The Appellate court held that the issue of statutory delegates who voted at the primary election is an internal affairs of the party and that the lower court ought not to have enquired into the issue. Justice Barka also agreed with Usoro that only the National Working Committee NWC of a political party has power to conduct primary elections for the purpose of nomination of candidates for general election. The appellate court further held that since the lower court has no jurisdiction to inquire into the internal affairs of PDP, the Judge has no discretion in law to exercise in the matter. Justice Barka thereafter upheld the appeal of the PDP and vacated all orders made by the Federal High Court judgment in favour of Michael Enyong. READ ALSO: Wike threat to nation’s democracy – PDP Besides, the Court of Appeal ordered the House of Representatives member, representing Uyo Federal Constituency to pay a sum of one million naira to the appellant as cost of litigation. Reacting to the judgment Mr Paul Usoro SAN, said that the Judiciary has done justice to the unlawful orders issued by the Federal High Court against PDP. By Tunde Opalana The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has insisted that , Pastor Umo Bassey Eno remains it's governorship candidate in Akwa Ibom State in the coming March 11 Guber polls. The National Working Committee (NWC) of the party (PDP) therefore dismissed as fake, a letter purported to have been… In "Politics" *As President Buhari ex-aide, Senator Ita Enang loses out By Andrew Orolua The Court of Appeal in Abuja on Thursday declared Akanimo Asuquo Udofia the rightful governorship candidate of All Progressives Congress (APC), Akwa-Ibom State for next March general election. His rival and former Special Assistant to President Muhammadu Buhari… In "News" By Andrew Orolua Justice Inyang Ekwo of a Federal High Court, Abuja on Thursday, fixed December 1 for judgment in the suit challenging the nomination of Oladipupo Adebutu as candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for the Ogun State governorship election slated for March 11, 2023. Justice Ekwo fixed… In "Politics"