BY STEPHEN GBADAMOSI Ondo State governor, Rotimi Akeredolu, SAN, has said the naira redesign and swap policy was targeted at truncating Saturday’s presidential and National Assembly election, adding that the policy was also targeted at the All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential candidate, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, to ensure he loses the election. The governor stated this in a state broadcast aired on electronic media outfits in the state Thursday morning, barely 48 hours to the election. According to him, the cash swap policy of the APC-led government and the alleged artificial scarcity of fuel “are both lethal injections deliberately administered to de-market the APC government, create an uncontrollable crisis in the nation and finally frustrate the 2023 general elections. “The goal is to truncate the election and deny the country the service of a true patriot, an endowed visionary with a proven record of character, knowledge, leadership and performance. It is also an attempt to abuse the principle of the rotational presidency by denying a section of this country its legitimate right thereby fuelling ethnic disaffection and creating a grave constitutional crisis in the country. ”Recall that in the course of these circumstances, I have offered clear and unequivocal statements as our stand on this dangerous and unfortunate adventure. “To say the least, it is a dagger drawn at the heart of the ruling APC on the eve of the elections in order to destroy it and the governments it controls at the federal and state levels. As the nation trudges on, our resolve to deepen democracy and good governance must remain unflinching and abiding. READ ALSO: Equities market rebounds, gains N68.76bn “Despite the desperate efforts by selfish and subversive elements within the government to destroy the multiparty politics in Nigeria, the dividends of good governance brought to the people by the APC remain indelible in the recent history of our state in particular and the nation in general,” he said. While calling on the people of the state to vote for the presidential and other candidates of the APC in Saturday’s elections, Akeredolu assured that Tinubu, if elected, would tackle many challenges facing the country and the state in particular. “As your governor, my duty to you at this time of great confusion and frustration is, therefore, to provide you with a clear vision of the path of redemption and hope. It is to charge you all to shake off the artificial frustration and the temporary barriers on your way to choosing a president who represents hope and assured brighter days ahead. “My message to you is that despite all the well-planned intrigues to deny you of your democratic rights and the future and prosperity of your offspring, which Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu represents, I urge you to troop out massively and vote for the APC on Saturday. “This is the time to separate the past from the future. For us in Ondo State, this is our time to vote for a president who identifies with our challenges and who would help us to actualise our ongoing plan for the establishment of Ondo Deep Sea Port and massive industrial revolution, tackle youth unemployment, achieve our dream of state police to solve our insecurity problem and ensure human capacity development. It is time to set a new flag and make Nigeria great,” Akeredolu added. By Haruna Salami Presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, his running mate, Governor Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta State and the CBN Governor, Godwin Emefiele are allegedly behind the current cash crunch crisis caused by Naira redesign policy of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN). The… In "Politics" By Kingsley Chukwuka A public policy think tank, the NEO AFRICANA CENTRE, has queried why only the Presidential candidate of the All Progressive Congress (APC), Bola Ahmed Tinubu is up against the new currency swap initiated and implemented by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN). The Agency simply identified as… In "Politics" BY AYODELE ADESANMI A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ekiti State, Honourable Bamidele Faparusi, has declared that there are gang-ups against the presidential candidate of the party, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, to frustrate Nigerians, so that there can be protest votes against him. He urged Nigerians to… In "Politics"