By Joy Obakeye The Director-General of, the Bureau of Public Procurement, BPP Mamman Ahmadu, has said the Federal Government is interested in raising procurement standards in Nigeria by observing global best practices. Mamman disclosed this in a statement yesterday in Abuja while hosting the President of the Nigerian Institution of Estate Surveyors and Valuers (NIESV), Johnbull Amayaevbo. He said President Muhammadu Buhari had directed the BPP to raise the standard of procurement to compete favourably with the rest of the world and get the best results in implementation standards. Mamman advised the NIESV to always take procurement decisions that are in the best interest of Nigerians. He said their request for BPP to intervene in inadequate provisions of funds for compensation of government contracts was noted and hoped to continue to engage them regularly to achieve targets. The Director-General said as professionals, the NIESV should introduce mandatory training in Continuous Professional Development (CPD) as a way to improve capacity. READ ALSO: Atiku, Emefiele, Okowa targeted Tinubu with Naira swap.. “We must continue to move with the world, so as not to be left behind,” he said. Earlier, the NIESV President said the need to partner with the BPP as a pivotal partner in the furtherance of real estate practice in Nigeria has become imperative. By Tom Okpe The House of Representatives investigation by its Committee on Finance into the proposed sale of the National Integrated Power Plant (NIPP) by the Bureau of Public Procurement (BPP), has demanded for the Transmission Company of Nigeria, (TCN)'s 20 years budget and Internally Generated Revenue, (IGR). This is… In "Headlines" PHILIP CLEMENT, Abuja Stakeholders in the procurement industry under the aegis of the Association of Public Procurement Practitioners of Nigeria (APPON) has called on all the practitioners in the industry, leaders in the public and civil services, the National Assembly and relevant stakeholders to support the ongoing Legislation efforts for… In "News" By Ukpono Ukpong The Federal Government yesterday cleared the air on President Muhammadu Buhari’s approval of N1.4 billion to purchase vehicles for the Niger Republic. Confirming the purchase to State House Correspondents after the Federal Executive Council meeting presided over by President Buhari, the Minister of Finance, Budget and National… In "Headlines"