An Ondo- based cleric Pastor Paul Oyewole has been arraigned before a Chief Magistrate’s Court in Ondo town for faking his own death to avoid paying N3m he borrowed from a member of his church. Oyewole was said to have falsely published and posted his obituary on a social media platform after he sent a fake bank alert to his creditor, Boyede Emmanuel. Oyewole was arraigned for fraudulently obtaining the money under the pretence to pay back the money within seven days. He was further alleged to have falsely published and posted his obituary on WhatsApp after he had sent a fake alert to an account, knowing fully that he did not have such an amount in his bank account. READ ALSO: NDPB, Meta partner to train 100 data privacy Oyewole was alleged to have threatened the complainant on phone with the intent to intimidate him and conducted himself in a manner likely to cause a breach of the peace, by stripping himself naked in front of the complainant’s house. He reportedly committed the offence between November 2021 and May 2022. Oyewole, however, pleaded not guilty to the charges preferred against him. Police Prosecutor, Sergeant Akao Moremi, said he would call four witnesses to testify in the case. The defendant’s lawyer Mrs Queen Arokoyo applied for bail on liberal terms. Presiding Magistrate, Mrs Mosunmola Ikujuni, granted the defendant bail to the sum of N1m with two credible sureties each in like sum. Building owners in Gyadna, a community in the Abuja Metropolitan Area Council lamented as The Federal Capital Development Authority FCDA, demolished two residential buildings and three churches. Allegedly, owners were not informed of the demolition by FCDA officials who were accompanied by armed policemen at around 2 PM on Tuesday.… In "News" A 55-year-old woman, Cecilia Idowu has being arraigned before an Akure Magistrate’s Court for allegedly killing her tenant, Stephen Haruna and dumping his body in a well at Oge area, Okeagbe, Akoko in Ondo State. According to reports, the deceased died after he was given palm oil to drink at… In "News" By Andrew Orolua The Federal High Court sitting in Abuja, on Wednesday, reserved ruling on preliminary objection filed by the detained Deputy Commissioner of Police, DCP, Abba Kyari who is challenging his trial on drug trafficking charge. Justice Emeka Nwite reserved ruling till March 22, 2023 after DCP Kyari's lawyer,… In "Headlines"