By Godwin Anyebe The World Bank has reported that the incessant fuel scarcity and lack of access the new naira notes may influence uncertainty ahead of the February 25 and March 10 elections in the country. The Bank Country Office in Nigeria noted that the deadline for old notes will socially and economically affect vulnerable people in the country. The document said, “The shortage of cash compounds fuel shortages, which have been ongoing for months. There is a clear risk that cash shortages cause hardship and frustration, which could escalate social tensions, especially in a febrile political environment ahead of elections on February 25 (presidential and parliamentary) and March 11 (gubernatorial). READ ALSO: 2023: Sule assures residents of more dividends The bank further disclosed 45 per cent of Nigerian adults had a bank account, 34 per cent pay or receive money digitally over the past year, while nine per cent made an in-store payment by digital means. It projected Nigeria would not be able to attain a quick increase in digital payment to enhance the shortages of new notes across the country within the stipulated deadline. *Extension will reduce queues at ATMs, panic, uncertainty among SMEs-Prof Uwaleke *10-day extension is grossly inadequate to make up for shortcomings-CPPE *It is prudent for CBN to extend the deadline to April 2023-Prof Ukpong MOTOLANI OSENI Mixed reactions have trailed the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) decision to extend old… In "Headlines" …alerts security forces, charges Nigerians to resist APC By Tunde Opalana The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has alleged a clandestine plot by leaders of the All Progressives Congress (APC) supposedly working for the party's presidential candidate, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu to swap N22.5 billion stashed old naira notes to new ones… In "Politics" … Accuses Tinubu, APC of mopping-up cash for vote-buying By Tunde Opalana The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has expressed optimism that the hopelessness and anguish brought upon the nation by the All Progressives Congress (APC) administration will be a thing of the past when the PDP Presidential Candidate, Atiku Abubakar… In "Politics"