By Chukwuemeke Iwelunmo Capt. Musa Nuhu, the Director-General, Nigerian Civil Aviation (NCAA) says the aviation industry is dynamic and key to developments, innovation and trends in the sector Nuhu who was represented by the director of human resources Adamu Wakil said there was the need for continued human capacity development by all players in the sector. He lauded LAAC for its concerted and consistent efforts at providing robust reportage and professional coverage of every development in the industry, which he said had aided the growth and development of the aviation industry in Nigeria. He added: “We, at the Nigeria Civil Aviation Authority, consider training (including initial, on-the-job and recurrent training) as key component of aviation development in Nigeria. In fact, training and retraining, can be liken to a capital project as it is critical to our operations as the apex regulatory Authority for Civil Aviation. “The authority’s personnel are exposed to appropriate trainings all over the world to enhance and maintain their skills and competence. On the other hand, you will all agree with me that it is a statement of facts, that the media is critical to the growth of global aviation in general and Nigeria in particular.” READ ALSO: 2023: Sule assures residents of more dividends He appealed to journalists, especially LAAC members to eschew sensationalism that was capable of putting the aviation sector in bad light and impacting negatively on democracy. He further advised to endeavour to verify and confirm their stories before publishing, which he said the body had performed commendably so far. By Chukwuemeke Iwelunmo Director General, Nigeria Civil Aviation Authority, NCAA, Capt. Musa Nuhu says, the aviation sector requires a large pool of sound young professionals in all areas and departments for safety and overall development Capt. Nuhu who stated this at the 6th Next Generation of Aviation Professionals Conference in… In "Business" By Chukwuemeke Iwelunmo The Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA) has re-affirmed its commitment to ensuring the continued sustenance of safe and secure flight operations of the nation's aviation industry. Capt. Musa Nuhu, the Director-General of NCAA in an interview with aviation journalists in Lagos confirmed that the regulatory agency will… In "News" By Chukwuemeke Iwelunmo The Director General, Civil Aviation, DGCA, Capt. Musa Nuhu, has appealed to all stakeholders to contribute to the development of Civil Aviation Policy as this is critical to the industry. Captain Nuhu who made the appeal in a zoom with aviation correspondents to explain the New Civil… In "Business"