…police say process an admixture of peace, violence BY BENJAMIN OMOIKE Thugs on Saturday disrupted voting process in Elegushi, Ikate area of Lekki and other parts of Lagos State. According to an eyewitness, the thugs scattered the setup of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), officials on Saturday. “At my polling unit here near the Oba Elegushi’s palace, some thugs did not allow us to vote. They scattered everywhere saying that we cannot vote here and that if we want to vote we can go to Anambra to vote,” the eyewitness told Channels Television. There were also reports of disruptions in other areas in Lagos including Aguda, Ojo, Oshodi, Aguda and some parts of Surulere, among others. Security operatives however, arrived in the area to calm fraying nerves. Confirming that there were “isolated instances of thuggery” in some parts of Lagos, the Lagos State Commissioner of Police, Idowu Owohunwa, described the situation as an admixture. “It was an admixture of very peaceful conduct in most parts but we also recorded isolated instances of thuggery. Like I said earlier, we anticipated them and we have multiple teams to respond in the fastest manner. “We were able to stabilise the situation and rescue the INEC officials,” he said. “I can confirm that several arrests have been made but as at this moment it is still an ongoing process. So, I cannot conclusively say this is the number of polling units where violence was recorded but at the end of the day, we will do a post-election evaluation and come up with specifics,” the Police Commissioner added. BY AMAKA AGBU The people of Rivers State turned out in their numbers to exercise their franchise in the 2023 electoral process to choose their president and National Assembly members. Almost all the polling units visited by the Daily Times in the state recorded large number of voters. However while… In "News" …as INEC chairman asks Nigerians to shun monetary inducement By Tunde Opalana Inspector General of Police, IGP Alkali Baba Usman, on Monday, said use of money by politicians and other stakeholders will be unacceptable during the 2023 general election. He said the Nigerian Police will be all out to curtail… In "Headlines" By Tunde Opalana The Atiku/Okowa Campaign Organization, in the strongest term, condemns the All Progressives Congress (APC) Presidential Candidate, Senator Bola Ahmed Tinubu’s resort to violent attacks against innocent Nigerians especially in Lagos State just because they are not supporting his ilife ambition of becoming the President of Nigeria. The… In "Politics"