BY TITUS AKHIGBE The All Progressive Congress (APC) candidate for Oredo Federal Constituency, Hon Osaro Obazee, yesterday said his reason for aspiring to represent the constituency in the green chamber, is to make laws that will reform the security system and support true federalism. Obazee, who was a one-time chairman of Oredo Local Government Council, made the assertion during a press conference at his campaign council office in Benin City, Edo State. He also said he will sponsor bills that will define the role of traditional institution in governance, promote primary healthcare and also help to create an enabling environment that will make the private sector the engine room for job creation. “It is my desire to contribute robustly to the legislative process by sponsoring bills and motions that will ameliorate the living conditions of my people. I shall concentrate on the core areas of economy, agriculture, education , sports development, cultural values, public infrastructural development, security, etc. “I shall pursue vigorously, legislations that will deepen the nation’s economic fortunes, strengthen the purchasing power of the ordinary Nigerians and improve on the performance of our currency, in an attempt to tackle rising inflation and reducing the poverty level of Nigerians in the process. “There is systemic security failure in Nigeria. I will sponsor bills to support the state police that will address this failure. Also, there is need to practice true federalism, if anything like that exists, so that those who have their resources can control and pay tax to the center. “I will ensure there’s enabling environment for our people as regards security and power,with which they can do small scale business.It is a systemic failure that these things are not in place. Am going to do my best to ensure things are done in proper perspective.Am sincerely committed to this cause because I believe things should be done properly. “The legislative arm of government is saddled with the responsibility of making laws for the protection of the citizens, and the development of the nation. A legislator represents the interest of his or her constituents and puts these genuine interests on the front banner. READ ALSO: Be focused to achieve purpose of life, Kumuyi This is aimed at improving the living conditions of the constituency, thus adding value to the society,” he said. Talking about the responsibility of the traditional institution, he said, “There will be rural electrification of communities from Enrinyorumwanru village, Irhuenownia communities in ward II, thus, connecting them to the national grid and to curb the menace of rural-urban migration. BY KEHINDE AKINPELU Yorubas in Kwara State, under the aegis of Apapo Yoruba Kwara, on Thursday said that the Federal Government should return Nigeria to true federalism, as negotiated and agreed to by their founding fathers in the 2014 National Conference. Speaking with journalists in Ilorin, the coordinator of the… In "News" BY STEPHEN GBADAMOSI Ondo State governor, Arakunrin Oluwarotimi Akeredolu, has said the South-West will challenge the Federal Government for allowing the Katsina State local security outfit to bear AK-47 rifles, while the same is denied the Amoteku Corps in the Sout-West. According to a statement signed by the governor on… In "Headlines" Leader of the pan Yoruba socio-political organization, Afenifere, Pa Ayo Adebanjo, on Monday, restated the organisation’s position to support the presidential candidate of the Labour Party, Mr Peter Obi saying “he is the man we trust to restructure the country back to federalism on the assumption of office in 2023.”… In "Politics"