BY UKPONO UKPONG President Muhammadu Buhari on Sunday evening opened his doors to welcome the winners of the Senate and House of Representatives elected to represent the Daura zone, the constituency that produced him. The President however, counseled the lawmakers elect on the need to respect the voters as they play a vital role to the staying in office. “Respect the voters and make them feel important. If you don’t, they will wait in ambush for you in the next election. Depending on how you deal with them, they will keep you in office, or they will send you packing.” He congratulated the Senator-elect, Nasiru Sani who obtained 174,062 votes, to beat the incumbent, Senator Ahmed Babba Kaita who had defected to the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP following his defeat in the primary elections. Senator Kaita fell short by more than ten thousand votes. READ ALSO: Abuja land grabbing syndicate and their lawless President Buhari also welcomed the election of Alhaji Aminu Jamo, House of Representatives member-elect for Daura/Sandamu/Mai Adua Federal Constituency who defeated his PDP opponent by more than 10,000 votes. The National Legal Adviser of the APC, Barrister Ahmed El-Marzuq, who led the elected representatives, informed the President that the good showing of the party was owed largely to progress recorded in the Senatorial zone under the Buhari presidency. El-Marzuq cited several projects, which he said had enhanced education, entrepreneurship, social development and the development of human capital in the area. The National Legal Adviser presented copies of results to the President. President Buhari received the results full of appreciation. President Muhammadu Buhari has said he will stay away from politics and retire to his hometown in Daura, Katsina State when he leaves office on May 29, 2023. Buhari said this on Sunday when he hosted a large delegation of the Abuja community led by the FCT minister, Mohammed Bello,… In "News" By Ukpono Ukpong President Muhammadu Buhari yesterday had an emotional reunion with his primary and secondary school classmates who come to pay homage to him to mark the Sallah celebrations in Daura. The President enquired about each individual’s wellbeing, their health and wellbeing of their family members. They prayed for… In "News" President Muhammadu Buhari says the redesign of naira notes by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) will proceed as planned. Buhari said this on Wednesday after meeting with King Charles III at Buckingham Palace in the United Kingdom. Recall that the Governor of the CBN, Godwin Emefiele, on October 26,… In "Headlines"