By Motolani Oseni In a move to further enhance operational efficiency and sustain regulatory excellence, the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC), has redeployed two of its directors, Dr Alhassan Haru and Mr Efosa Idehen to man the Technical Standards and Network Integrity (TSNI), and the Compliance Monitoring and Enforcement (CME) departments of the Commission. In an exercise approved by the Executive Vice Chairman of the Commission, Prof. Umar Garba Danbatta, other senior staff of NCC was moved to head critical departments, following the recent retirement of some directors, who reached the 60 years of age. Dr Haru, hitherto Director, New Media and Information Security (NMIS), takes over from retiring director Engr Bako Wakil at the TSNI department, which oversees the maintenance of international standards and integrity of the national network, including quality of service (QoS) and equipment type approval. Idehen, who was once the director at CME, returns to a familiar turf where he was nicknamed ‘Efosa, the Enforcer’ after a stint at the Consumer Affairs Bureau (CAB). He takes over from Mr. Ephraim Nwokonneya, who has also commenced his retirement leave. The CME department monitors the industry and enforces compliance with industry rules of engagement. At the Projects Department of the Commission, from where Mrs Iyabo Sholanke retired, Mr. Philip Eretan, Deputy Director, was appointed Head, while Mr Kelechi Nwankwo, another deputy director, took over as head, Corporate Planning Strategy and Risk Management, (CPSRM), a position left by erstwhile director, Mr Felix Adeoye. Dr Chidi Diugwu, deputy director at NMIS, took over from Haru as head of the department. Mrs. Safiya Jijji has assumed duty as Ag. Head, Zonal Operations, following the retirement of the erstwhile director, Mrs Amina Shehu. Another deputy director, Banji Ojo, takes over from Idehen as Head, CAB. NCC boss, in the redeployment, charged the new appointees to work in tandem with the Commission’s Strategic Management Plan (SMP) 2020-2024 and NCC’s Strategic Vision Implementation Plan (SVP) 2020-2025. The Nigeria Communication Commission (NCC) on Thursday said it was making moves to ensure that licensees operate at optimal strength. The Executive Vice Chairman of NCC, Prof. Umaru Danbatta, made this known during a two-day ‘Talk to the Regulator’ Consultative Forum’ organised by the commission in Lagos. Danbatta, who was… In "News" By Godwin Anyebe Telecommunication operators, in demonstration of their displeasure, have rejected the move by the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC), which seeks to attract payments of fees over advertisements and promotions by telecom companies. The rejection came on the basis that it represented a multiple taxes on the operators. NCC… In "Headlines" By Tunde Opalana Governor Hope Uzodinma is on the verge of making a giant stride in Imo State with the establishment of Ministry of Digital Economy and E- Government, the very first in Nigeria and perhaps in West Africa. This ministry will be saddled with the responsibility of making the… In "News"