BY AMOS OKIOMA There is protest in Agudama Community in Yenagoa Local Government Area of Bayelsa State over shortage of about 48,500 ballot papers meant for the Yenagoa/Kolokuma/Opokuma Federal Constituency elections. The protesters who gathered at Ward 4, Epie 1, which has 47 unites, covering Agudama and Akenpai Communities, are insisting that elections would not hold in there area until the missing ballot papers are replaced. Speaking to journalists over the development, the Supervisory Presiding Officer (SPO), Austin Atekere, said that when he and his colleagues received the materials from the INEC headquarters in Yenagoa, they were not sorted until they got to the ward headquarter. He said “only for us to get to our headquarter to realize that all the ballot papers for other elections were complete, except for that of the House Representatives election. The ward has about 50,000 registered voters but we were given only 1500 ballot papers. READ ALSO: General elections: Intimidation, violence characteris “As I speak with you, people have dragged me about and almost beat me up but the quick intervention of community members saved my life. However, we have contacted INEC and they have informed us that the situation is not peculiar to Agudama/Akenpai alone.” …as Commissioner blasts INEC over irregular data By Nosa Àkeñzua Insufficient ballot papers, result sheets on Saturday spark off protest in Aniocha Uku Community, Aniocha North local government area of Delta State at the 2023 elections. Protesters of the insufficient ballot papers, result sheets, one of them, Minority of the… In "Politics" By Tunde Opalana with agency report The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) says it is already making plans and preparations for the conduct of a run-off presidential election, where no candidate meets the conditional requirements for declaring a winner from votes cast on February 25, 2023. The INEC National Commissioner… In "Headlines" The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on Friday gave an insight into why much funds went into the conduct of elections. Prof. Mahmood Yakubu, the INEC Chairman, gave the insight while responding to questions at an interactive session with the Nigerian Guild of Editors (NGE) tagged ‘The Editors’ Forum’ in… In "Headlines"