… Accuses Tinubu, APC of mopping-up cash for vote-buying By Tunde Opalana The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has expressed optimism that the hopelessness and anguish brought upon the nation by the All Progressives Congress (APC) administration will be a thing of the past when the PDP Presidential Candidate, Atiku Abubakar assumes office as President come May 29, 2023. The PDP decried the excruciating pain and distress being faced by Nigerians arising from their inability to access the new Naira notes occasioned by the reported nefarious activities of APC leaders who allegedly are compromising the system to intercept and hoard the new bank notes for their selfish vote-buying plans ahead of the February 25, 2023 Presidential election. The National Publicity Secretary of the party, on Sunday called the attention of Nigerians to the widely-applauded patriotic intervention by Atiku that led to the extension of the initial cash swap deadline, stressing that it is an accomplishment which not only demonstrates Atiku Abubakar’s commitment to the wellbeing of Nigerians but also his experience, capacity and integrity to stand for the people and get the system to work for the public good. “Our Party is however saddened that the cash crunch had persisted due to the sabotage of corrupt APC leaders, including the APC Presidential Candidate, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, who are alleged to have masterminded the intercepting and hoarding of the new notes for their selfish agenda. “The PDP is therefore disgusted by the hypocrisy being exhibited by the APC Presidential Candidate, who, despite his alleged role in the cash scarcity is pointing accusing fingers at others and seeking to exploit the ugly situation to incite unsuspecting Nigerians with the view to disrupting the 2023 general elections. “Asiwaju Tinubu and his apologists in the APC are aware that he has no chance in the election and thus are devising all manner of shenanigans to overheat the polity, derail the electoral process and force an undemocratic situation upon our country. “Nigerians now know the truth and hold Asiwaju Tinubu and the APC directly responsible for the anguish they have been subjected to in the face of this excruciating cash scarcity; another reason they will deal Tinubu a humiliating blow with their votes at the February 25, 2023 Presidential election. READ ALSO: PDP: I did not issue any report on Rivers State… “The PDP calls on President Buhari to protect Nigerians by going after these felonious APC leaders as well as the saboteurs in the system who are reportedly working with the APC Presidential Campaign to mop up cash meant for distribution to our citizens,” the party said. According to the statement, the PDP stands with Nigerians; the artisans, traders, drivers, “keke” and “okada” riders, labourers, food vendors, students and all hard-working citizens at this time of distress. The party charged the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) to be mindful of the sufferings being experienced daily by Nigerians and demands that the bank takes urgent measures to arrest the unbearable situation by ensuring adequate protection and effective monitoring of cash distribution process. The PDP suggested to CBN measures to alleviate the suffering of the masses which include; immediately provision of dedicated Mobile Banks and Special Cash Points in areas of need particularly in the markets and rural areas of the country. “Using such facilities to dispense low amounts in markets and rural areas will drastically reduce the pain and anguish being experienced by Nigerians at this time,” the party suggested. …says Fifth Columnists working in cahoots with PDP to fuel crises By Tunde Opalana The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has been accused of working with forces regarded as the Fifth Columnists to fuel crisis in the country and to inflict avoidable pains on hapless citizenry for political end. The opposition… In "Politics" The presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, has promised $10b for the prosecution of youth employment and empowerment of Small and Medium Scale Enterprises if elected president in the 2023 general elections. He made the pledge in Ilorin on Thursday at the flag-off of his… In "Politics" …says few Govs will retract steps, work for Atiku By Tunde Opalana As the nation awaits Thursday's declaration by the G-5 Governors on whom to support for the 2023 Presidency, Governor Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta State has predicted disintegration sooner than expected, among the rebellious People's Democratic Party (PDP) governors.… In "Politics"