BY AYODELE ADESANMI A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ekiti State, Honourable Bamidele Faparusi, has declared that there are gang-ups against the presidential candidate of the party, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, to frustrate Nigerians, so that there can be protest votes against him. He urged Nigerians to be very sensitive at this time not to play themselves into the hands of “the evil manipulators, but to vote for Bola Ahmed Tinubu as the president of Nigeria.” He said: “They are evil manipulators that do not mean well for Nigerians; so, they know that Asiwaju Tinubu is not the president that they can control.” The former Commissioner for Public Utilities and Infrastructures in Ekiti State said the newly redesigned naira notes at this critical time has political undertone. Faparusi made the observations while exchanging views with journalists in Ado-Ekiti, the state capital, over the fuel crisis and the newly redesigned naira notes in the country. “I want to criticise the redesigned of the naira; it’s not an APC policy. The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has its own autonomy under the law to do what is right, to regulate the economy and the financial sector; but doing so at this critical time, I want to believe it has some political undertone,” he said. Faparusi, also a former House of Representative member who represented Ekiti South Federal Constituency II, said the redesigning of the naira was the greatest problem “we have faced in recent time as a people.” “It’s an Ill-timed policy, poorly implemented, that has put Nigerians in hardship, irrespective of their political parties. READ ALSO: Okonjo-Iweala says Africa lags behind in global “The APC, as a party, the government of President Muhammadu Buhari has tried its best possible, but there are lots of concerns apart from the recent development of fuel scarcity and redesigning of the naira that have left everybody surprised,” he said. He called on the government to remove fuel subsidy once and for all, so that at the end of the day, there would be solutions to the fuel crisis in Nigeria. By Tunde Opalana The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the strongest terms condemns the attack on President Muhammadu Buhari Monday in Kano State . The party alleged that the miscreants who perpetrated the attack were sponsored by the Presidential Candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu… In "Headlines" .Wants President to sack Keyamo for using public office to intimidate govt agencies .Atiku unfit to be president, his men have lost their minds — APC By Tunde Opalana The Atiku/Okowa Campaign Organisation of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has asked President Muhammadu Buhari to, as the Commander in Chief… In "Headlines" By Tunde Opalana The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) greeted the emergence of Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu as presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) with mockery, saying he will be an easy win for Atiku Abubakar in 2023. The party derided Tinubu for clinching the ticket at very great… In "2023 Elections"