By Tunde Opalana The Director of Strategic Communications Atiku/ Okowa Presidential Campaign Council, Chief Dele Momodu has called on President Muhammadu Buhari to call Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) to order. He said this is necessary to curb Tinubu abd his supporters from the ‘recklessly dangerous” publication unilaterally awarding an imaginary victory to the APC presidential candidate in an election which result has not been officially declared by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). Momodu in a statement yesterday said “only yesterday, we all saw how thugs of the APC Chieftains and his allies took over the streets of Lagos burning ballot boxes and documents and generally misbehaving in other to disenfranchise the determined electorates. “Despite all of these ugly attempts at stealing victory, the APC suffered its worst cataclysmic loss in most of the polling centers in Lagos. The same happened in Kano. Incapable of ever being sobered by the crushing humiliation in its traditional territories, we woke up this morning to read about the pathetic and illegal lies cooked up by the Tinubu media goons. “Tinubu remains the only mainstream candidate whose homebase of South West was decimated by opposition parties in Lagos, Ogun, Ondo, Oyo, Osun and Ekiti. Most of the Northern Governors he also expected to help him garner votes in the Northern regions failed spectacularly to deliver the badly needed votes. He failed in the South East and South South. “The only candidate with the national spread is the PDP Presidential candidate, former Vice President Atiku Abubakar. But as a responsible citizen and respected statesman, he will never rush to the media to claim his well deserved victory and glory after a long and torturous journey.” The party called on INEC and the Federal Government to cage these APC Chieftains. READ ALSO: General elections: Intimidation, violence characteris Momodu said “we have all been witnesses to their unruly behaviour as they did everything to bully and blackmail President Muhammadu Buhari in order to chicken out of the currency swap policy. We also witnessed how they practically intimidated the President to the extent of forcing him to publicly display who he voted for in yesterday’s elections. It was quite a bizarre, unfortunate and unprecedented scene to watch. “We advise the President to find the courage to call the bluff of these desperate politicians who feel they can buy the whole of Nigeria.” The Director of Strategic Communications for the Peoples Democratic Party Presidential Campaign Council (PDP PCC), Dele Momodu, has said he is not qualified to speak on the mental capacity of the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu. Speaking during an appearance on Arise Television’s… In "Politics" By Tunde Opalana The Director of Strategic Communications of the Atiku/Okowa Presidential Campaign Council, Chief Dele Momodu yesterday took the vice presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Senator Kashim Shettima to the cleaners over criticism of alleged inability of Atiku Abubakar to unite the country. He accused the… In "Headlines" .Wants President to sack Keyamo for using public office to intimidate govt agencies .Atiku unfit to be president, his men have lost their minds — APC By Tunde Opalana The Atiku/Okowa Campaign Organisation of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has asked President Muhammadu Buhari to, as the Commander in Chief… In "Headlines"