Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike has called on the people of Rivers State to save his political career by voting for the presidential candidate of his choice. Wike, who made the call on Saturday, during the last campaign rally of the Peoples Democratic Party in the state, in Obio/Akpor Local Government Area, reiterated that he has directed leaders of the PDP in the state, to tell the people the candidate to vote for in the presidential election. Though Governor Wike did not come out plainly to name his preferred presidential candidate, he said the fight for equity, fairness and justice, will guide the people on who they will vote in as president. “We have instructed the leaders ward by ward. In our local government, the leaders will tell you what we have decided. If you want me to survive politically, follow the way we are going,” he said. He, however, commended the Governors elected under the platform of the All Progressive Congress, APC, for rotating power to the South. READ ALSO: ‘My mum accused my wife of ruining her birthday He said, “We are going to vote for the unity of Nigeria. We are going to vote for equity fairness and justice. And that is why, I salute the APC Governors who came out to say look, for this country to be united, for this country to move together as a country, as one united country, there is need for power to shift. “They were not greedy; they know that Nigeria is such a country that requires unity. Those who are greedy about power, you can get power and you will not have peace”. .Says 2023 elections is a fight to finish Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike has hinted that talks with his political allies in the G5 on the preferred presidential candidate to support in the February 25 election will soon be concluded. Wike spoke on Tuesday during a rally of the Rivers… In "Politics" …As Supreme Court dismisses Dagogo's appeal …Reapproves Adokiye Amiesimaka Stadium for PDP presidential rally BY AMAKA AGBU Governor Nyesom Ezenwo Wike has maintained that Sir Siminialayi Fubara remained the authentic candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), as the Supreme Court of Nigeria on Tuesday dismissed appeal brought before it… In "Politics" …Vows to deploy state neighbourhood watch to maintain law, order By AMAKA AGBU Governor Nyesom Ezenwo Wike of Rivers State on Wednesday accused the police of supporting some political parties to instigate violence in the state. Speaking during the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Port Harcourt City LGA campaign flag-off rally… In "Politics"