BY AYODELE ADESANMI The President, Body of Benchers in Nigeria, Chief Wole Olanipekun (SAN), has called on the Federal Government to ameliorate the suffering on Nigerians as regards the redesigned naira notes, most especially for the people in the informal sector of the economy. He said, “the reality on ground is that the policy of the new redesigned naira note is a good idea but the implementation of the good idea is faulty.” He said the people in the informal sector – who are in the majority – are the ones badly affected in the country now; those who don’t have bank accounts, such as the motherless, fatherless, taxi drivers, orphans, petty traders, among others. According to him, “that Nigerians are suffering, yes, people depend on some people, who are not using POS, to feed, pay school fees, buy something to eat at home everyday “In Nigeria, those who make out the informal economy are people who are not into white collar jobs, government don’t pay them monthly, they sell, hawk their wares, the downtrodden.” “the naira policy, the way it was initiated, I don’t want to doubt the good faith of government, but one thing is that government exist to make life easier, pleasurable, meaningful, habitable for the citizenry, that is the prime essence of government.” “I will not say much if government says that they are doing this because, they don’t want the politics and election to be monetised. I agreed with government but the question is this, if your election and your politics are monetised, what are the security agencies doing” “Majority of the people are suffering, the people have the money they cannot access in the bank, that money is useless” However he has been appointed a visiting Professor of Legal practice by the Federal University Oye-Ekiti, weekend, said it’s sacrilegious for any lawyer to be commenting fancifully on any matter that is pending in court. He also gave N10 million, to 20 best students in the faculty of law to encourage them in their studies. READ ALSO: 2023: AAC Governorship Candidates Vow to work against… Olanipekun, pleaded with Nigerians not to pull down the judiciary institution in the country. “It is always better and even very decent and the ethics of our profession when a matter is subjudice not to comment on it.” He advised lawyers to subject any matter or judgment of the court to criticism in law journals, law reports, write ups, and not by ways of abusing and to call it beautiful names. He noted that abuse is no arguments, it doesn’t improve arguments. BY BENJAMIN OMOIKE The Lagos State Chapter of the All Progressives Congress, APC, has suspended its campaign towards the forth-coming elections. According to a release by the party, the state chairman, Hon. Cornelius Ojelabi, said the decision was reached as a result of the state of the nation due to… In "Politics" BY AYODELE ADESANMI A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ekiti State, Honourable Bamidele Faparusi, has declared that there are gang-ups against the presidential candidate of the party, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, to frustrate Nigerians, so that there can be protest votes against him. He urged Nigerians to… In "Politics" *Says plan will worsen Nigerians’ suffering, trigger crisis The Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN) has called on the Federal Government to shelve the proposed plan to remove fuel subsidy, saying the plan if atualised will worsen the suffering of majority of Nigerians who are already impoverished. PFN president, Bishop Wale… In "News"